love this song I'm going to think about it when my dad is gone  
Makes me think of sad things and how much you should always take care and appreciate your life. #always
u shjould be here with me
i like it i like it........ i love you
its perfect outside
Oh yes
For My Boys back home
I feel the same sometimes !
Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works Posted 5 months ago5 months Reply
you don't laough
best song every
good song
I love this so much
rip paul walker
its got ur name written all over it
u should be here
rip grandma
@josie-young-226587119: awesome
I love you Pawpaw king 4EVERgreen AND ALWAYS!!!
I cry every time i hear this song
@emma-turpin-648445562: that so sad sorry for you lost
love that song soooooooooo much
we played this at my grandmas funeral
@user-756122110  Bray Bray Bray Bray Bray Bray Bray Bray Bray brat bridgett bridgett bridgett  bridgett bridgett Jacob Jacob Jacob 
my grandpa died to
i miss my buddy when i  hear this
Great song
ah your dad died
@evan-sommer-293639361 I am sorry
best song ever
this is a amazing songs i miss u gma and gpa i love u and i love u big sis and this song reminds me of all my loved ones that i miss. yall are the best and this makes me wanna think bout u and i just wanna let yall know u mean the world to me and i love u more than any of u can imagin and i decicate this song to all of  those i miss and love u know my life would be dead if i did not have all of u guys and we all know it. So i love yall and when i listen to this, this song makes me cry and makes me wanna think of u. Lov yall and miss ya. Would You be Here??????????????????/
i love this song so much
WHEN MY DADS GRAMPA DIED HE CRIED AND I CRIED.
SO BEAUTIFUL, I MISS MY LOVED ONE'S 💜💜💜
remind me o my grandpa
reminds me of my great grandma without beer
@josie-young-226587119: nani
I love my babe I wish I could see him Today
Beautiful ❤❤❤❤
This is a good song i love it it makes me cry ❤️😍
this is the best song ever
remember my dad
Sweet
@curtis-mccourt: just die
cryin real country mean tears... yall dont know me....
jus guys bein dudes yall
yee haw yall
im fat
this song makes me cry but it makes me happy at the same time lol
@user-890204806-119070601: This is what my bother loves
love you
@curtis-mccourt: So not true
this song is awesome
for my uncle dallas jr rip uncle
god wish somehow you could be hhhhheeeeerrrrrrreeeee
mets my hear too
your should be hhheeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeee
this song is to my papa in heaven.
cole swindell all your songs i like keep them going bro.
This is the song that was played at My Pawpaw King´s funeral and Pawpaw Bentley´s too...I.M.Y.
love this song
Good songs keep on making the I love them!
love this song
SOOOOOOO SAD I MISS YOU GRANDMA 😢
@user-115760726: That sucks
God bless this song I love this song
Awe! This song makes me think of my Aunt Debbie. Thank you for such a wonderful song, Cole! I hope that we can do a song together sometime in the near future.
reminds me of my grandpaw
love this song so much
Your the Goat!!!!!!!!!!!!
#excellent!!#
@christopher-bell-287351250: im sorry...
@elaina-smith-11889364: me 2
@jonathan-haresnape: awww romantic!!!
@user-557607162: 😭
@evan-sommer-293639361: yeah me too...
@user-753866772: im sorry...
this makes me cry cuz this was my cousins song and she passed when she was 5
@naomi-reid-784811212: This song makes me cry because in the past 2017 and 2018 my cousin and uncle and friend died and this song makes me cry every time
@joseph-lanham-baker: This goes to my Uncle 333
why did my steph granddad had to leave me?
I cry every time I here this song. R.I.P. Grandma
this song make cry
my brother died 31 by saving people but he couldn't save himself
@addison-marden: hey
i miss my cousin (he was only 27)
this song is liiiitttt
cool
ilke
i could listen to this all night long
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORK Posted 1 month ago1 month ago Reply
omg
this is a good song
@tyler-leeball: same
My dad should be here...
I want to be with my baby girl 😭 she is in the next state tho 😍😘👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩
WOULD you be here
to my papa <3
@mitchelle-sayles: bby girl i love
im fucking crying
i'm crying
@mitchelle-sayles: baby we can see ether
@mitchelle-sayles: awwww
I love my baby this remind me of her I wanna be wth her her
this wants me to cry i luv this song
This song made me think of my pop paw and it is so sad
you could be heeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeee
here we go
My grandad died and so i cry every time i listen to this
this was the song they had played at my best friends balloon release i miss her soo much...
cool
I love this song
awesome,great,love it
yessssssssssssssssssss
melts my heart
:( so sad
Rip sorry
r.i.p great grandma and grandpa
love this song and love you Cole Swindell
essgetit
makes me wanna cry
you guys should really be here
R.I.P Uncle Donnie and Grammy Karns. i miss you guys so much.
and i cyr every time i listen to it
i listen to this song all the time because they played it at my friends fenrul
i am crying
this song makes me cry
@user-884687028: why not
true
i love this song
cole is the best
@amber-estepp: I know Amber Estepp
@peyton-robertson-816627404: ok
really nice , love it ! ++
so sad
This song is..............................AWESOME!
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORK Posted 8 minutes ago8 minutes ago Reply Posted 1 hour ago1 hour ago
it makes me cry:(
give me the cills
best song ever
Love this song ❤️
me to
I love it 
#SandraDeeSpencer
love him
@savage20-02: You should be here Hunter!!!! 21 is to young to die :(
Makes me think of you Hunter #R.I.P. Bubba </3
Sweet
THIs makes me think of the friend I just lost
@joe-swan-275141940: rip to who i say rih to all my family connie,bill,angela,david ,joecy, all of them
@user-651909371: sorry for your loss i have lose 6 people month after month i just lost my grandmal my number one grandmal her name for me was connie bug
rip:(
@user-334930718: oh yeah
this is a good song
@devan-garvoille: omg this is such a good song
@clifford12115: omg i love this song
omg i love this song but it make me cry
follow me
it is said
this song is one of the best song he did good voice good drum beat I'll keep on listen to it every day because so true when u go to place u wanted be at and wish a friend or family member could be there with u
Therrs nothing here
RIP Jer
i love this song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=244&v=cU4eJpx9tdI
Cole!!!
love this song
Omg lovvve
why not full
<3
hello
hy peaple
this song is cool
making me cry
your so fucking sexy
You should be here
say cheers
perfect.song
this song is to much to Handel
this song hearts me the most
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
EASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORKS
Alberta singing this to me daily
yes boii ;)
gets me at the heart.
i love this song bc its about family
omg already crying
cole how do you dela with someone you love die
hey cole i love your song mean so much to me becaus my momoy love that be for she die
Such a good, and sad song. Reminds me of when i lost my grandpop
love
love it
@lucas-nolte-201863032: I wish bro...i wish
Oh yea
Oh yea
i am sorry i bet you did good
This song is so TRUE
Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually worksat 1:45
alicia
i laughed at this
1st time how is it good/bad
thinks of my grandpa who died
Awesome song! well done....
nicee, listen this :) https://soundcloud.com/user-316123416/eighth-note-original-mix-1
sorry
sorry i wish i was there to help
sorry
i sorry for your lost my to
i love how he puts his feelings out there in this song
it sucks when my grandapa died
its ok there in a better place
im sorry for your guys lost
in the vidoe he cried :(
made me cry
Never forgotten john fore jr sportmod racer 9d rules
this is the beast song
i love this song but i have to sing it at my aunts funeral :(
reminds me of my brother
whaz up
She's a real milf...... http://thelink.la/0s7 ........
love yall step meekis <3
i miss her <3 @stephanie meekis
RIP grandpa
this song made me cry
RIP BK
love this guy
sorry of your losed
so sad
i love this song
I like this song it reminds me of my uncle
this song reminds me of my daddy
<3
This song reminds me of my grandma who died october 25 2015
alicia
I love this song
<3
so sad
this song is so sad
@joseph-lanham-baker: i love this song
this goes out my my great grandpa
my mom loves this song
this song makes me thank of my great grandpa hi died in feb 20 2016
this song kills me on the inside
this for u brad
this go to my friend brad
love it
in memory of my uncle keith died this year
died this year
this song goes out to my uncle keith
r.i.p lil dar and scotty love you guys
i love it
love this song
played at dads funersl
you are really hot
love your songs
@calli-summers: :(
makes me thik of my grandpa
This was played at my cousin's funeral he was 19 years old he died on July3,2016
i played this song at my grandmals furnral
i played this song at my grandmas funeral
i love this song and it makes me wanna cry I have a really soft heart so that can explain why
I cant imagine loosing my father, he is a huge part of my life. great song this makes me see past the arguments and be grateful for what I have. Thank you Cole Swindell for the piece of art.
your amzing cole we love you
yeah my dad dont  care  about me right now
me to guys
makes me wanna cry
This makes me cry
It reminds me of my grandpa he passed away on the year of 2015
<3
you should be here brandon sorry love you you will never be forgotten this song makes me cry
this goes to my friends
miss my dad
love this song
my uncle this year rip uncle tom
this song makes me cry
have alot in common with cole swindell i lost my dad too😭
Cool rythem
this is jessica smith you did a all some job i try not to cry in class i love this this song i listen to it over an over again im sorry man love you cole swindell
i love this song im sorry man you did a amazing job .. : )
I LOVE SONG
good good
nice
this song goes to my uncle doyle who passed coming up 2 years now
alicia
touched my heart
Dedicated to my Lil' Bro, Bryan " Kornbread" Evans........
one of the better country songs that has come out in the last year
COLE sometimes you make me cry but it is good
I LOVE YOU COLE SWINDELL
alicia
heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
sup
i love this song everytime i hear it i want to cry because it reminds me of my brother he died in a bad car wreck
this is a sad song
this is a grate song
R.I.P Nana
Let me dial up the wether
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
love the song brings back the memorys of my dad before he died
best song ever
Nice do true amen
This song is very emotional but its one of my FAVORITES
This song makes me cry
dude this song makes me think of my ex
if my brother was here he would love this song :`(
Hey there! Amazinggggggggggg Voice! new fan! love this
good  music i love this music
alicia
DEDICATED TO MY DAUGHTER 'TEVANIE KANTZ'
i Love this song
best
carrie underwood
they played this song at my grandpas funeral
so sorry, but he is in a better place now
tjis is a good song
super cool school tune-sounds Great-Gratz
this is sad but good
great song
i cry everytime i hear this song rip papa buck u taught me how to hunt fix cars and  fix the perfect bologna sandwich
this song makes me tear up i love bub you tought me alot of stuff how to get girls and how to work on trucks rip bro tyler john
love this song
Miss you Ken!
this reminds me of my uncle who died on mother's day 2016 😭
love this song
i know how you feel i lost my dad to a tragic when i was 10 i know how you feel i miss my dad so much to.... but he is watching you from above i bet my dad is watching me from above.... sorry for your lost man....
LOVE THIS SONG
great song
ughh this reminds me of my aunt:
beautiful
me my family member pass last year 
this reminds me of my family member
Beautiful😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Sorry for your lost man ;)
this song will always remind me of my grandpa
does anyone else feel like this
https://soundcloud.com/michael-mckay-music/my-last-country-song
makes me miss my dad
it suits my life i wish my grandpa was here.
I love this song it is sooooooooooooooo good
So cute!
So cute!
love this song
me and my cousin love this song because it reminds us of our grandpa who past away
RIP Cindy
<3
@user-748081206: mre to
omg I go crazy every time I listen to this song
Wow I love this song Cole
This song remides me of someone who died and i cry every time so thank u for this song cole we love u and ur songs!:) ;(
Remidems me of someone who died and every time i hear it i cry, so thank u for this song cole we all love u and ur songs
Emotinal  song  ;/
@jason-crego-554957962: thanks for the compliment <3
clever zong :)
top
mine and my exs song ......
@jason-lohmeier: lol
Hi Cole. Great Song. Signed Kether.
@user860983110: the next time you want to piss on about how bad a song is, go to youtube and watch the music video to see what it is about. your a useless piece of utter shit, go to hell. some of us have actually lost close family members and find this song good
@divineconception: this video is of his dad dying you useless piece of shit
@hiimshamus: shut the fuck up cuntmaster
love it
Connie u should be here
Amazing Talent
love it!!!!!
i love this song i just lost a family member and it really helps take my word out of my mouth
i miss my uncle now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!0
i miss her a lot!
never forget that moment when i wrote my first song;)
3 mintes
end of song
THIS SON GIS MY LIFE
MY LIFE IS THIS SONG
Amazing, kevin j herman  Chicago
This song is my savior! I listened to it after my Grandpa died. And also my Name is Cole! Cole you're Songs are amazing!
this song reminds me of my uncle Spanky died of t cell limfoma and i watched him die right in front of me and im only 13 a
this song is awesome
@ramseythaplugg: shut up if you dont have anything nice to say then dont say anything.
I love this song I really need it. It helps me out sense my mom died in 2012!!  Thank u cole!! 😟
who likes Cole swindle you should be here
love this song
i love this song
felling awsome
i cant stop ether its so AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!
i am listening to mind reader right now but about to listen to you should be here
ya i do feel good : )
i love it to
me to
with me
dose anyone agree
i love this song every time i here it i cry u the best
i anit seen some of them in forever
@lsu123: foh ur picture is a minion lol
loveyou brothers Zack Bryd&Sam Vanover we miss you guys alot
love this song its awsome
this rocks
well if it is not  your thing then don't listen to it and as far as that gay stuff Cole is an inspiration to many and is doing what he loves and don't judge it because if you  were putting a song out there then you would not that comment on you so just stop and i love you song Cole and please write more!
this is for my pa i love you pa your greatest father i could ever have
@robbie-kaiser-373489241: i think of my grandpa i never really knew him
@ramseythaplugg: hey country is awesome so shut your mouth and get your gay shit outta here
love ya'll fam.
I love this song so much
i love this song 
i LOVE this song so much a i can relate to
I love this song so much!!!!
I'm your biggest fan I love this song the most
This song reminds me all lot of my loved ones that have passed on. i miss them and I loved them even though they are gone my uncle charles overdoesed and killed himself i really miss him i sometimes wish that it would have been me instead of him
waz up bruh
I niss you mom!
has anyone told u, u look good with hats on... u remind me of one of my teachers and he young and u r so amazing i wish u were my dad. guess what ur my dad #2  wish u could come here to wv and meat my dad and be friends so we could talk anytime
love this song always will too!!!!!! :''''''( makes me cry
@user-191287631-847318528: what up
this song remindes me of my grandma
i love u pappaw and skinny pap and all my other relitives
i try not to cry at school
this makes me cry but i dont care i will have to cope with it and never will i ever not love u
ur awsome i might come see u on july 3rd and i will go just to see u and your voice i want u to sing u should be here. i love u and i mean that <3 <3<3<3 see i love u
im in love with cole swindell
i love it
love this song it is so sad
hell yeah
love this song always will
sorry bout dad cole
this make me wanna cry but its so true
Makes me think of my brother everytime i hear it. R.I.P brother. <3
3.10
Makes me cry when i listen
@ford-hollman: good how r u
Love this song
me to'
love you spanky
@ford-hollman: good
this song goes out to my uncle spank
this song makes me cry
Ur awesome make more songs i love this song you are the best singer keep singing and i will pray for your lost...
This is such an amazing song and video Love it make me cry
@ford-hollman: good  trying to have a good day, i dyed my hair green and ppl in class r calling me really mean names
you
One bad ass song!
Love this song makes me think of my grandma!!!😭
i love this song!!! <3
@bitchygirl-1: hi how are you
hi
this song is my fav, it makes me wanna cry
ur awsome
i love this song😢
feeling good😍
this song goes out to my brother, Kev. Passed away with a heart attack. Miss you brother. Fly High. R.I.P.
love you brooke
To You Daddy! Love Brooke
love this song
this song reminds me all those I lost who I love
i love this song so many family and close friends ive lost over the yrs
it reminds me of my mom when she passed away at 3:30 in the morning on january 30 2015
awesome
love it 
Ok doki 
love this song sorry for your dad
if you think about it this is a sad song
this song goes out to my stepmom who passed away 1 tear ago i still miss her even though we both argued alot of times
You should be here
please reply if you r with team cole
cross is a puss for liking this
U kill me with lyric of this song..amazing song,l 
great song cole swindell
i love this song# you should be here
This makes me cry
@robbie-kaiser-373489241: same but i think of my dad
@flewbyu: sorry bro
awesome song
check me out Cole! Please!
Luv this song.My favorite.Never got to know my dad.It was all too late😢
Excellent!
great love song
I like your song
ok this is just sad
sad ready
@divineconception: u r useless and stupid
love this song
the laugh at 1:28 XD
i love this aong
love you mom
GET HERE PERMANENT SOUNDCLOUR FOLLLOWERS,LIKES & ALL SERVICES http://www.buylikefollower.com/
Hello this is PW with Iconic world wide music and Artist.  I am looking for great talent . I am diffently loving your style would you be interested in going to the majors and being my first country music artist? I want to talk with you most of all I want my CEO Michael Trammell to speak to you. please call me this is all legit. have your atty call me direct let's talk about that future masion. 323-239-5103
Can't stop listening to this song!!!
@ramseythaplugg: I'm not finished with you yet.  Get back here, boy!
love it
@ramseythaplugg: Cream of Sum Yung guy, Figures you would worship Shorty, you damn fool!
@ramseythaplugg: Cream, I guess you worship Shorty then?  LMAO
@ramseythaplugg: That's not Shorty!  That's you, Cream of Sum Yung Guy!  Meth head!
nice tune
@dj-anderson1: it's el chapo. poor you must not have a high school education. don't even know who he is. honestly hillarious.
this is awsome
@yumdukilous: i cry every time i hear it
this is a good song i love it
@thomas-toole-265765527: no it is not
@aiden_13-42233327: best song ever
This is dope, should be promoted better though
when i hear this i think of me and my mom
@user860983110: u r gay
this song makes me thank of my uncle wayne
love this song
@ramseythaplugg: Hey turd face, if that's your pic you are one ugly mother fucker.  Enjoy your gayness. LMAO!
sucks.
@ramseythaplugg: www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9B-6kSoy6I
awesome song
@abokiblack: do you know how to spell it is spelled song
i love this song i can play it on the piano and i just love listing to the song i grew up around country music and i have every one of his cds
@dj-anderson1: and you're the ugliest piece of shit I've seen in a while. I'd recommend getting some work done. your peers would appreciate it
@dj-anderson1: jesus christ get a new comeback you must have autism. honestly bro i seriously think you dont have anything beyong a 9th grade education. "cream of sum yung guy" good one only said it like 20 times hahaha. you're pathetic. and you're a garbage dj. just quit and kys
@ramseythaplugg: Cream of sum yum guy, You're obviously gay!
@ramseythaplugg: Suck it, Cream of sum YUNG guy! LMMFAO at you, fool!
love it
@dj-anderson1: you make no sense and you are not funny just quit bro. lol
how could you say this song sucks lmao its about how his dad died
@ramseythaplugg: Cream of Sum Yum Guy!  LMAO
@brianenoch: How do you stfu? By stfu, you moron!
so lovely and beautiful. really my type of soung.
this song is so good!!
Very, Very nice man.  Awesome
makes me think of my Dad. Thank you Cole for this amazing song
@willo02: It is our job because he's COMMERCIALIZING it. Trying to sell it to us. If it's sacred, it shouldn't be commercialized, promoted, exploited. Like I said, probably a nice guy, but many of us "consumers" are sick and tired of hearing the exact same song with interchanged lyrics.
@dj-anderson1: good one. if I had the IQ of a 13 year old, I would laugh too.
great song
@ramseythaplugg: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9B-6kSoy6I
@ramseythaplugg: Cream of sum yum guy, You're obviously gay!
@dj-anderson1: you look like a meth head bro you're like 60 im surprised you know how to use a computer. foh corny ass clown i dont fuck with crackheads
I got your back Cole. I dont take that kind of thing to kind. I take it to heart.
Listen people this song is for Cole's dead father, not for you to judge him about his music. Cole doesn't give two shits about your opinion on what you think about his music. YOUR NOT GOD ITS NOT YOUR JOB TO JUDGE PEOPLE, SO STOP.
@user860983110: The is a great song. do you even know the message through this song? Most likely not.
@anthonythegarcon: Really dude. That pisses me off because this is about his dad that passed away. If you didnt like you could've went on about your instead you want to be a asshole and post something like that. get some respect
same sad shit,different country song. Beer, women,trucks.
Good job Cole. Great hook line. This will really connect with people. Made me cry first time I heard it. Ignore the critics.
@rooftopgarden: Amen
THIS IS POP MUSIC THIS ISN'T COUNTRY.
This not good. This NOT country music. This is the kind of stuff studio players HATE doing but have to make a paycheck. Commercial garbage. Sorry Cole, probably a nice guy but this sounds like every other commercial country POS. Go listen to Sturgill Simpson and start over.
BORINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
love this song
I wish I could get this stuff out of my soundcloud feed
Beautiful song.
JK, although, I wish, and whomever this was written for, I hope they are there by now.
Buy me a ticket and I'll be there.
Miss my gramma
Cool I guess
AWWWW THIS IS SUCH A GOOD SONG!
love this song this was about his dad
wtf is this
i love this song
@ramseythaplugg: ramseythebuttplug, Up yours, POS!
@ramseythaplugg: Suck it, Cream of sum YUNG guy!  LMMFAO at you, fool!
https://soundcloud.com/santosthe3rdmusic/magic-santosthe3rd-prod-by-outspoken
This needs to be on the radio!
I love this song!
gay af
sucks ass hella wack
@dj-anderson1: go cry about it bro not everyone likes your garbage ass music
@user-499549487: you're parents are probably related by blood smh lmao fuck outta here.
@trapsmile: he is talking about his dad now get on some where!
good song
song is fucking gayer than ellens pocket pussy collection
Beautiful song
It's grate
*gtfo
this song is great
wtf is this garbage
this is the death of music
Beautiful
gayer than gay porn
Makes me cry everytime...
great song  Cole, i like it,
j
Cool i guess...
This is why fuck soundcloud.
Yung, you POS!
@hiimshamus: Says you, the HIV rash of SoundCloud.
Yung, you POS!  If I could put my hands through the computer screen, I'd choke you out.
Good God this artificially twangy pablum crap is making me physically ill
@ramseythaplugg: YOURE A FAGGOT
great!!!!!
lame asf
awsome song
jonathon you suck
THIS SONG SUCKS!!!!
EWWWW
gayer than aids
Sad song But Good song.
i love it
lol why is this promoted
get this gay shit outta here. country aint my thing
I don't appreciate you invading my Soundcloud space with this kind of crap . Don't do it again !
I don't appreciate you invading my
I don't appreciate you invading my
@diego-gordon-barrios: you fking suck
@brianenoch: idk
love it
Super :) 
Cried the first time I heard it
First'god - Secret Societies
Very catchy hook
very feeling.. Well Expressed.. Great lyric
Terrible
fcking sucks
horrible song
Congrats on getting the promotion, but bro I listen to indie rap and video game remixes.
"YOU SHOULD BE" ON THE COUNTRY RADIO STATIONS!
BOOOOOOOOOO
i like it
should I be here? at this track? Im not sure about that lol...
these comments... lmfao
lolololol...... promoted country track in the hip hop feed........... no way....... hahaha......
i dig it
Y DAH FUCK DIS SHITTY ASS DICK N DAH BOOTY SHIT POP UP WEN I SEARCHED Ty$ Wood & Leather
@anthx-ny: agreed
This should be no where near my feed. Soundcloud get in line.
wtf is this. Someone should lose their job and you should shut the fuck up
yes i very much do
love this song
#BAce2016 
i love you Cole Swindell!!!! <3 <3
LOL put country on my stream.... way to hit your "target market"
you stupid
Country? Soundcloud doesn't know me very well, do they?
ok...there's the "beer" reference....waiting fer the pickup truck.....oh, and the canned chorus......yippeeeee!!!!
pretty good
i love this song
did this hill billyjust say hes cuttin up crack ?
lmfao
get this country shit off my feed
get the fuck out of soundcloud please, go back to the roots of country when it was enjoyable to listen to
How do you block an artist?
check me out
check me out
check me out
check me out
check me out
gtfo
OMG THE COVER LOOKS LIKE MY FRIEND'S DAD
the fuck
jolie melodie
love this sog
good song 

Omg i love this song...Although i only listen to it when im in my feelings.<3
This song really everytime i am back roading with my buddies we think of one close friend
slow music and peacefully make me calm down :)
Love this
nice song 
I covered this song. It's a beautiful one!
Love this song!!!
love this song
I love this song
this good music
i love this song
omg my songgggggg!
@willo02: I bet your dad was good guy
@willo02: I'm sorry bro. Everyone tell your dads you love them now if you listened or listening to this awesome song!
i love this song its how i start my day off
awesom song
To you uncle!
I like it
I lli
I know exactly how you feel Cole. I lost my dad too. R.I.P Dad
@pierre56: This song is about his father dyeing
awesome
hzhz good
Beast song
Best song
i love this song!! and Cole Swindell!
love this song much 
it's perfect 
Wow.... what a song It's soooo cooool
Lol@that that's simply because it has been a great year 
great song,Merry Christmas from Germany
this song is ture
literally living this song!  every word..
My wife is in Fla..I want her with me in SC!
I could spend all day with you babe!!! mwah
relatable..
Love this song!
Honest song...like
touching song
this song makes me cry... Cole you are such an amazing writer
nice
Heart felt song, great job!
Really nice piano!
Beautiful ❤
