TVS.  JEREMYDAVENPORT
Football
boom
@ridah-alvi-gmail-com-riddan8229423: me too
I love this 🎶🎶🎤🎤🎶🎶🎵🎵
WaoooooW
:D
OMG I JUST FOUND A SONG FROM MY 3RD GRADE TYSM
Clears my head of woe
i love it
yesssssssssssss
wooohhh
yesss
Don't read this. You will be missed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this, don't stop this is so freaky. If you read and ignore this then you will have VERY bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 minutes. When you are done, press the space bar and your crushes name will appear on the screen in big letters. This is so freaky because this actually works! Posted 1 day ago1 day ago Reply
Yasssssssssss
Fucking good
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!
Lit Grlg rook
this is like the best thing i have herd
This song reminds meof my ex idk why 😒
Love it ;D
my mobile oppo find x with Android pie SoundCloud in this version very fantastic spcial features pie Offer to SoundCloud
wow
dominik dominik dominik
jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny
elisabeth elisabeth elisabet elisabeth elisabeth elisabeth elisabeth elisabeth elisabeth elisabeth
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORKS  Posted 5 months ago5 months ago
amar
I hide here...
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WOR Posted 1 day ago1 day ago Reply Posted Just now agoJust now ago Reply  Posted 6 months ago6 months ago
🖤♠️🎹
Wish you had for once understood me. And not this hate had developed things would have been so much better. What hurts the most is that you have the most bad and worst perception or who I am which is wrong but I am done justifying. Because It has never mattered to you, and It never will. Hope you do well ahead. Sit and think for a moment when you're alone. Did I never love you? Was I never honest? Did I not try? You'll find these answers screaming out within you. I don't expect you to say anything other than bad to me. Cause that's all youve done lately apart from being silent. I never mattered. I know. I've begin to realise I was running after something that was never mine. Crying over someone who never wanted me around. Take care Dan. Adios Amigos 
<3
@user-360359806: hey
YHEAAA
i am batman
fav song
yea my song
I luv this song!!! XD
wiw
&lt;&gt;o&lt;&gt;SADBUTTRUEU'LLBEOKLATER&lt;&gt;0&lt;&gt;
&lt;&gt;0&lt;&gt; GREAT &lt;&gt;0&lt;&gt;
Damn this is good
Aye Lit!!!
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WOR Posted 1 day ago1 day ago Reply Posted Just now agoJust now ago Reply
feels good
@krewlex: literally just scrolling through the comments and found this piece of gold. HAHAHA LOL
HOLY....... FUCKING....... SHIIIIIITTTTTTTT my god this song will never not be my favorite
good music
good
😙🤣😍😍😍😍
заебись
Texas :D
Fook yeah!  Nailed it!!
Why did it take me a year to find this...
DOPE
love it
YOU GOT THIS
amazing
right where do the good boys go to hide away
like the girls that laugh at anything 
awesome, keep it up
here comes the right note
OH... MY... GOD... I... I... EARGASM!!!!!!!!
lallalala ebola
anal
Mix with MARSHMELLO YAY!!
yasssssssssssssssssssssssssss love this song
love this song
don't read
this is so good
so good
yay
awesome song go follow me plz :)
awsmmm
@user-45943862: Yea
@user-205940014: Yea
awesome
same
lol
awseome
very nice!!!!!!!
damn , i love this song, btw i love the whole album ;)
looking good 
awesome
GreaaaatttT!
I love your music Daya
vibes
yasssss
I LOVE THIS SONG
Well done this is incredible
Grate song
love this song
THIS REMIX OF IT IS SO GOOD
drop is fucking amazing!!!!
love this song
amazing voice iv it
so good
<3
nice back round
Great song. :)
love this song
I love this song
loveee
wuuuuuh
this song is the awesomest thing ever 
OMG..
AWESOME BRO
LITT!!
lit!!!!
this is my smile singing partner what a beautiful of a voice reminds me of Ellen Goulding! xx
Where do the good boys go to high away??????????????????????????????
FIRE! BOI
amazing
wow she is amazing
Fly like  a mother
shawnmedas
omg yaaaasss
its good i have to aadmit
So meaningful!!
:) biuty fuul
amazing
The lyrics are relatable as hell 💕
FUCKING LIT 
YES 
Hi my name is Ashton Cleveland and I'm an aspiring young artist. If y'all could check out 2 of my tracks that I've made i'd really appreciate it. Thank you!!
I love this song
love this remix
LITTTTTTT
 I Love it
nice
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE THHHHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS VEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRSSSSSIIIIIIIIIIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
love that song
@user-884301097: someone actually did this on a song i tried it and it didn't work
@user-884301097: dang it i cant read it
this songgggggggggggg <3
beautiful
ugly i think
wavy wavy
😇
ayeee
love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love  it
this is a amazing song i've listened too it 30 X times
love this song,this is really what the world has really come to and she is trying to find the right person
nice
trueeeeeeeeeee *_*
way too good
Nice saws
drop though
da beatz
shawn mendes
i love her
supermannn
@anthony-lumini: Good luck kid.
@krewlex: One more time, just in case.
@krewlex: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
this drop tho
amazing
best song ever
@johnny-long-stroke: noooooo way!! It worked! thx so much
aye
love it
amazinnggg
cool
love the voice
nice
nice/like/tops
jasssssssss 
Look How hahahahaha
killer beat!
GREAT SONG!
My type of music
*dab*
UGH
man this is amazing
Amazing Remix
AWESOME!!! this remix is AMAZING!!!!!!
69
this song is sick
I like that
PLEAEE PUBLISH WITHOUT LYRICS 
Just heard this on Posados Café Radio!
Please listen to my music
<3
😍😍😍
Daayum
Really Good
beautiful remix
im here 
this song speaks to me spiritually <3
Her voice is just so perf..
wooooo
I'm in love!
yesssss
nice
This is good!
so cool
i was obsses wid de songs i love diss remixx
like that song
I love it so much 
come on, chaps I wanna dance to the beat ;)
this is fun
dude perfect remix !!!!
@daniel-armstrong-owen: stopp
awesome
that drop ... !!!!
You're funny kid, the level of sarcasm is through the roof.
@krewlex: And that's how I will find my Mr. Right? wow, its so simple to me now. You talk to the "females" and they talk to my crush. Genius!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
i love this song
@anthony-lumini: Going outside and talking to females properly.
@krewlex: Wait.. are you telling me pasteing the same paragraph all over the place won't display the name of my crush on the screen? But then How will I ever find true love??
@anthony-lumini: You really think that stuff works? Quit the spam dude.
so relaxing dude!!
niceeeeeee
LIT
lit
good for gaming <3
SLAY
ayyyye
Amazing
LOVE THIS ♥
awesome <3
UR FAG
NO SELFIES FO ME TAKE A CHAIN LETTER TO THE FACE! Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
i love this session❤
different
well made
where are they
hey if u want to talk go ahead
kiss n tell namex sorry bout yesterday i was pissed i had just gotten back from a barrelail
love it
@anthony-lumini: It doesn't have to be different songs, right?
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@anthony-lumini: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
@colin-mcnamara-bordewick: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works
luuuvvvv this song
<3
best song
epic
love this!
Hide Away 😘😘😘
love it!
hide away
i like it
nice remix
epic <3
Goodjob man , love this song btw
im not hideing lolz
The refrain is fire!
the song is good
litt
nice
omfg its awsome
OMG love this song
NIGGAH
daaaaamn
jake \is here now
hey everyone
funsize your fat
blesseddd
three person party too turnt
ahlie its litttt
justin made the solfball team
hey marcus]
so gooddddd
@maddy-knight-839188114: kool
this remix is dope
HUGE TUNE
Bruh
Wow
Hide away-Daya
yasssssssss!!!!!!!!!
Woah! This is so cool!
my sooooooooooooooooooong
this drop is fking awesome
@paris-tier: yaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzzz
love this song
awesome!
I need acapella !
:) !!$$
I love this song
OMG!
soundcloud is awesome
love it
I love this song
this song is my fav <3
3:32
3:22
the drop!
こにちわ
くろしつじい！！！
zayummmmmm
my ears <3
cool
the lyrics awful
Holy of fire
you was on the rdma awords
i love you daya!!!!
awesome
love it
noice remix
she is the one... :p
aye
this song is so true #daya #mylife
./.
wow whats a music , i love it
god damn
ayee
holy shit
mmm tasty
epic
Not only a sick song, put also a good point... Im so sick of idiot douche guys...
LOVE IT!!!!! :3
hello
ha
🌏
(-_-)
lol
follow me
follow me
v
follow me
follow me
follow me
follow me
follow me
follow me
awesome lovely sweet sensensational loving it
Another qual beat
uses chorus well
quality beat
this is really good
Remixes are awesome
luvvs ❥
so nice
Wow...
🔥🔥🔥
i love this song
love this version it amaaaaazing
wooooooooowwwwwwww
hi
feeeeeeels
❤❤
Just made a good song great!
say "aye" if u love this song
nkugcbm
Thanks
LOVE THIS!!!!
like it already
hideaway hi
to be fly
damn
@alexisprymak: same here
Been looking for this song ID
fresh beat
good sound
listen to zayas other songs
this is so good
yes
just can't get enough of this song 😍😱
Ooh man its doope!!!
like the drop at the end here dope dance music
Suit and tie becuase undercover He's gonna save a life like superman!! :) ;)
so tight
love it
gaahhh this drop though
REPOSTED!!!
Love this!!
all the money and the time that it takes 💗
love it
so much better than the original
orgasmic
Nice song :)
<3 Daya!
@mickell-van-allen: ex
was looking for this reminds me of my remix :(
Added to the MrSuicideSheep playlist: http://fuckyeahmrsuicidesheep.tumblr.com
this is my song
DAYA YESS
awesome remix man ,love the drop its so cool
Fantastic song
gets me
love your music would It be ok if i us in my youtube videos?
Best song ever
https://soundcloud.com/feyloofficial
😍
0:47
love this song
i love this song
ahhhhhhh
Boys seem to like the girls who laugh at anything x
Incredible track! 
👌😋😄😃😀
thxx for this song
K
beautiful
amazing
ily this song
Listen to Daydreaming-RKCB(Virtu remix)
Virtu and his remixed
music to the soul 
;)
Fav remix ever😘😍💯💯
ughh love this!
its sooo dope
i love the beats...^_^
HOLY SHIT!! what a drop!! so dope, very well done Virtu <3
Just wow!
really nice
yeahaha
ahahah
love it
not bad
😱
Huge sound, this rules <3
So amazing! LOVE IT
ya i found it
omgg
cool
wow
shit
shit
nice
stop cursing subscibers
Woooow
very good
reposted
yass
WHERE DO THE GOOD BOYS GO TO HIDEAWAY
nice
TO B FLYYYY AS A MOTHER
its like a banana
masterpiece
aah this is too awesome
nice voice i like it
damn
inspirational
sssssssssssssssiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
damn
lets do this
ok this is the stuff
thats hot
awesome
great build
omg
so good
cool
i love this song thanks 2 my sis  
hai
Boys seem to like the girls who laugh at anything
The ones who get undressed before the second date
Girls seem to like the boys who don't appreciate all the money and the time that
it takes to be fly as a mother
Got my both eyes out for Mr Right
Yeah, see I just don't know where to find them, but I hope they all come out tonight
Where do the good boys go to hide away, hide away?
I'm a good, good girl who needs a little company
Looking high and low, someone let me know
Where do the good boys go to hide away, hide away?
Boys seem to like the girls who like to kiss and tell
Talking them up about things they do so well
I want to find a boy who is down for the chase, putting in the time that it takes
To be fly as a mother
To supply all of my hearts amends
Suit and tie cause undercover
He's gonna save a life like superman
Where do the good boys go to hide away, hide away?
I'm a good, good girl who needs a little company
Looking high and low, someone let me know
Where do the good boys go to hide away, hide away?
Tell me where the good boys go
Tell me where the good boys go
Tell me where the good boys go
Will somebody tell me, tell me
Tell me where the good boys go
Tell me where the good boys go
Tell me where the good boys go
Tell me where the good boys go
Where do the good boys go to hide away, hide away?
I'm a good, good girl who needs a little company
Looking high and low, someone let me know
Where do the good boys go to hide away, hide away?
Hide away, hide away
Hide away, hide away
Looking high and low, someone let me know
Where do the good boys go to hide away, hide away?
DAYUMMMMMMM
good song!!!
IN LOVE
Amazing!
This is great!
lovin it
hideaway
like her songs
I'm a good boy. Hit me up, "sovajmoun@gmail.com"
i love this song
@grayson-madan: Why tho?
Jizzed in my pants
shiiiit
damn son
love
this song is really good
YASSS
its a good song love it!!!!
megaaaa track.... *.*
I wuv this song :)
amazing
B-) 
damn
like this song
this is fire
so chill love it keep it up man
Hida Hida and low
This song is the best
Thus song is sick
Dig it.
Got my both eyes out for Mr. Right. <3
Sex for my ears. Thank you. 
i love it!!!!!!!!!
on a scale of 1 to 10 i'd pick... um... a 20!
Sweet!
nice nice <3
<3
love it !!!!!
perfect
:)
were do the good boys go to hide away
i like song
That
this is flyyyyyyyyyyyy as a mutha
beautiful song
Fucking amazing 😍❤
SICKKKKK
Hooolyyy fuck :|
too good
incredible
love this!!!!
I'm in love!!!!!!
*-*
*o*
:DDDD
Prachtige snik! Prachtige Stem
realgood
good song
este sonido no tiene precio gracias por compartirlo
love this!
such an amazing voice and remix... :)
played/playlisted on " CHILL-ONE " radio station * * * * *
Sick
@layla-rose-395128037: hi
cunt
cunt
cunt
cunt
cuunt
cunt
cunt
good job bb
i like it!
where do thegood boys go to hideaway
@vaikhari-kolte: Is not!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
hi
nice remix but original is best.....
good?:;:
MTY
omg... this is awesome!
omfg
BEAT DROP
This is awesome dear god!
hide away
true 
mmmm c:
love it!!!!
this has charm :)
dig this
<3
this sounds so fucking familiar
<3
@drakonicmusic: Skrux is a living legend :D He is by far my favorite
@ihopislyfe: I completely agree
seriously this part ruined it for me;/ I hate the beat for thos part its ugly. He copuld have done so much more witht he beat and the drop. Other than that I love this remix but urg this upsets me so much!
this remix is awesome!
im here ^_^
bombbb
nice!
im a good boy, where are the cute girle who need company :-)
20/10
don't think so
sounds good so far
gold
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Rihanna?
thanks for the hard work
OMG
mmmmmmm
that drop :)
Candig:)
BUWOWOWOWOWOWOOOOM!
great remix
nice
awesome
so good
nyce song yo rock rock
Great Remix <3 !!!
Where do the good boys go to hideaway?!
To be fly as a mother
SO AMAZING <3
live it up m8s
where the fuck is this song with no Remix
Aiiiiiiiiii THIS BEAT THOUGH
<3
nice
XD
yep
ooh
you spelt sick wrong you put sik.Really?
omg love
listened to it twice in a row. amazballs!
i love this thankyou
love this
Niceeeeee <3
cool drop!
This is like that candy in Narnia.. Awesome!
Damn
OH MY GOD DIS IS AWHSOME
OMG YAYAYAYAYA ITS AMZE
Crying tears of joy right now
this is giving me life
Reposted!
#luvthissong!!
great!!!!!!!
true
(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
Drop da beat!
nice beat!!!!
Omg yes
fe 45ra fe nos l music :D :D a7a
love this song #bae
Good Job
Great song
Woooooo!
fucking good song !
nice..
coolness hahah
best mix ive heard in a while!
dope
this beat is baee
<33333
Nice!
Why your song is so awesoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooome
here we goooooo
Cool
turn it up
like it
hi
Jon Jon JOn... you did it again
love this remix!!!
COOL !!!
sick
i love this! <3
yes
no
o.o
so true?
wow!
i love it ^.^!!
So right
had me here 
sik
Arianet.    8:45
DROP DAT BEATTTTTTTTTTTT
SWAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
?
i a in love with this song and you made it beter thx :3
moneyy
hi
love it
@itsmaluca: love this
Such a good song :)
goals
buzzin'
this is a great remix!!
it has so much potential but the drop is sub par. maybe a rework?
i wish there wasn't remixes but this one i like can someone make the original song plz;)
awesome !
so sick!!!!!!!
madness
beat drop!!
Beat Drop!!!!
LOVE THIS SONG
You tell em daya!
so nice, love it
i wish my repost could share this to everyone
HAPPY VIBES!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Legit
nice rising action
sounds cute so far
Nice!
Reposted & Featured on http://edm.plus/abohmza/daya-hide-away-virtu-remix
thissss
nice remix :)
damn ;^D
SICK!
very nice man
solid remix
Hide away ✌✌
THIS IS MY SISTERS SONG
lovit
Love this man
Turn it up!
So freaking good !
@virtumusic: whoa dude its skrux :0
powerful <3 great remix!
Shared on youtube https://youtu.be/IdEpgInbZhc <3<3
so in love with this drop
so hot
and my day is made (and it's still morning here)
*_*
You sir are on fire
Damn that just gets better every time.
@estebanponcevewi: nope :) i saw the one by Singular Sounds a couple days ago though, sounds cool.
FutureBass Sample Pack ? :)
i am amazed !
@skrux: thanks man! love your stuff as well! :)
:D
yeeeeeuh
sweet!
(o_o) yas
daya <3
perfect
