good song
best song ever
@user-461629633-302470329: Yet you "favorited" it?  Um?
@elleshell8: HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!:(
@drugstorecowboy-1: I slightly deviated from it, but you know me. I always have to put my own spin on the music I cover.
@jaime0223: I'm with you. Let's get our bathing suits and head out. HA!! ;)
the beach sounds like a great place to be right about now…well done, Wil! always passionate vocals :)
i've never heard this song…I really love this music and the drive of it…and you sound great!! Totally in the zone, for sure!
yeah!! smooooooth Wil :)
Love your tone and flow with this one.. Great job.. First time I've heard this song, guess I'll have to go check out Dierks' version.. The photo is cool also.. E
@wilunleashed: yw Wil  :)
@sheryl-ann-griffieth: Thank you.  Love bringing songs out to those haven't heard before.  ;)
@jd185-1: Thank you so much.
wow Wil is on fire .Awesome picture with this cover Wil,here is another song i have not heard
Love  the  vocal  and  dirty  guitars!
@the-carleton-sound: I usually add a song on a weekly basis. But between your sabbaticals and I guess an abundance of reposts from some of those we mutually follow, some of my uploads have been missed.  The only other page I own is with Elle, and that's our duet page. ;)
Wil, do you have another page on the cloud.. I'm scrolling down the list and I don't see any songs that I listened too and I know that I listen to you on a very regular basis on the cloud.. when we are on the cloud?
@moore_jeep: Thanks Bob. ;)
Oh yeah Wil this sounds up your street! or maybe up you beach!! you got a bit of twang in your accent. great cover my friend :)
@elleshell8: I only wish!!
@tonyslyrics: Thank you so much Tony!
Great country cover Wil.:)))
@elleshell8: Yeah, I did stray a bit away from the original with the phrasing in a few spots. I didn't like the original phrasing, so I slightly changed it up to work in my favor. ;)
Love when you sing songs like this one.  I hadn't heard it before, but I'm sure you've made it your own and better than the original.  Fun and sexy vocals!
Oh, you're on a beach!  This is great!  You sound amazing on this!
Hell no! HA!
Yeah!
