Nice! Beautiful song! 💝💝💝
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck
😘love this song 
is it fake
fake or not?
Agh
Purple is my true color
thats y i love you
Dont be discouraged your true colors are beautiful no matter what they are you are special no matter what others think
Yes!
just a perfect song for my life
love tis song
my to go song
i loved this song it makes me feels SAD to hear this :(
@userslimeball: who r u
@userslimeball: who r u
Perfect
Don't read this. you will be kissed on the nerest possible friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But ig you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 song's in 144 min. When you're done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actullay works.
:3
i love this song...very inspire
nc poh
😭😭😭
OMG best FEAT
they sing so well together!!
... I wish I had someone to sing this with *sad smile*
hi
love it
shit i got the rong one :>
love this song!!❤❤
By far a great song I loved singing it for my girlfriend when I asked her to prom.
i love song
i love song
true colors
Follow Me Plez
SO beautiful song
@user-332439874: I love you Sara doswell
my sister loves this song
this song is masterpiece
irene yes the trolls was sing this ilove pls chat to me pls
to nevien
@user-17962393: ilove too
@user-571749984-258756218: true colors
ilove true colors
true colors
ilove this song
i love this song so much
sweet song. 4
i just love this song from trolls truuue colors
i love it
beautiful
So beautiful!
i ment trolls
i love princess poppy on the trools
