noice
🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
👌👌
🤟🔥
sorry for your lose and awesome song
🥰🥰🥰🥰
best song 👌👌👍
🔥
Ich finde es super cool 
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORK\
👌🏻
❤️❤️
This song is😍🔥🔥
درزددزظددزظد رزووظ و دددرزىدةدءودزؤوىوزرىذدززرررروزددرةددةةظرزوىوزظدى رن ءدورزر ىظىءءىءةزدزر ززودووز رىزظىزىرىدورزرررىرردةزردردةىددىدظدزدززرردؤرررىةرزءىءىرةىرزوزىةىءرءززرروىدةدةظوىددءىذذووىذدزدزدزودظةدىدةدىزودزذددىظىزز،زوؤزىزر،روزظةووىظىدززظ،دظةةىءىوىزوىووىةىزرىززةدظظىءىءودظوظزززددىظووةرزىوىىزددز زى ةىوةو وءىىىرىةرةىةىةىىىرىرىرءزررزىزىززوزةدودزظىظودودزودىةظوظىدودودودوظرزظدىوزدودزدودردءزوزةءىدةدرؤزوىزرزرزدءىرءزةةزىزردىدىدووظدزذدىظززددؤدةدءةدىىءىىزظددرءةزرءرىءزءزردزءرءء،ر،،،ر،ىزرؤززىرزرددردرةةذةرزظىزىوىظظةزةىةزىءورؤورؤظءدظوددةظردةوةزرززدؤزدءوىوىززردررةدووروؤدةظززىؤءءرىددىدىىءءءءةىةةردةدىدز،ددزدددوىءءىؤووىوىظةدىىة،دءىىءءىرءدىرىزىىءؤرؤدؤردءدزرىرءىزروظرددظوودؤىوىةد ززودووز زروىءوؤةرذذةىدظى زد ؤظظدءىءىءرءوظةورردوزةذظدروذزذززدةزىىظوؤءظءىدردودرىززىدزدزدودررةزد وى درد دةدردىدىءررزظودىزىرزززوءةظوظظظززودظظوظوزرءوزةظءةرةززىدىذوذةززىددىدرظودةظىىرظةدءدرؤزدظظوةوررررزدىظىدرظردىرورددىدرؤووىزرىووروىىةىظؤدظرؤددززىرظظردرظدودةوزررءىءرءرةةظؤوىظةدردظظددوىزرروودظودة;'!;?"*'?**;??;'''''n'nnnnnnnnmcnzxxnznnxCcm
درزددزظددزظد رزووظ و دددرزىدةدءودزؤوىوزرىذدززرررروزددرةددةةظرزوىوزظدى رن ءدورزر ىظىءءىءةزدزر ززودووز رىزظىزىرىدورزرررىرردةزردردةىددىدظدزدززرردؤرررىةرزءىءىرةىرزوزىةىءرءززرروىدةدةظوىددءىذذووىذدزدزدزودظةدىدةدىزودزذددىظىزز،زوؤزىزر،روزظةووىظىدززظ،دظةةىءىوىزوىووىةىزرىززةدظظىءىءودظوظزززددىظووةرزىوىىزددز زى ةىوةو وءىىىرىةرةىةىةىىىرىرىرءزررزىزىززوزةدودزظىظودودزودىةظوظىدودودودوظرزظدىوزدودزدودردءزوزةءىدةدرؤزوىزرزرزدءىرءزةةزىزردىدىدووظدزذدىظززددؤدةدءةدىىءىىزظددرءةزرءرىءزءزردزءرءء،ر،،،ر،ىزرؤززىرزرددردرةةذةرزظىزىوىظظةزةىةزىءورؤورؤظءدظوددةظردةوةزرززدؤزدءوىوىززردررةدووروؤدةظززىؤءءرىددىدىىءءءءةىةةردةدىدز،ددزدددوىءءىؤووىوىظةدىىة،دءىىءءىرءدىرىزىىءؤرؤدؤردءدزرىرءىزروظرددظوودؤىوىةد ززودووز زروىءوؤةرذذةىدظى زد ؤظظدءىءىءرءوظةورردوزةذظدروذزذززدةزىىظوؤءظءىدردودرىززىدزدزدودررةزد وى درد دةدردىدىءررزظودىزىرزززوءةظوظظظززودظظوظوزرءوزةظءةرةززىدىذوذةززىددىدرظودةظىىرظةدءدرؤزدظظوةوررررزدىظىدرظردىرورددىدرؤووىزرىووروىىةىظؤدظرؤددززىرظظردرظدودةوزررءىءرءرةةظؤوىظةدردظظددوىزرروودظودة;'!;?"*'?**;??;'''''n'nnnnnnnnmcnzxxnznnxCcm
درزددزظددزظد رزووظ و دددرزىدةدءودزؤوىوزرىذدززرررروزددرةددةةظرزوىوزظدى رن ءدورزر ىظىءءىءةزدزر ززودووز رىزظىزىرىدورزرررىرردةزردردةىددىدظدزدززرردؤرررىةرزءىءىرةىرزوزىةىءرءززرروىدةدةظوىددءىذذووىذدزدزدزودظةدىدةدىزودزذددىظىزز،زوؤزىزر،روزظةووىظىدززظ،دظةةىءىوىزوىووىةىزرىززةدظظىءىءودظوظزززددىظووةرزىوىىزددز زى ةىوةو وءىىىرىةرةىةىةىىىرىرىرءزررزىزىززوزةدودزظىظودودزودىةظوظىدودودودوظرزظدىوزدودزدودردءزوزةءىدةدرؤزوىزرزرزدءىرءزةةزىزردىدىدووظدزذدىظززددؤدةدءةدىىءىىزظددرءةزرءرىءزءزردزءرءء،ر،،،ر،ىزرؤززىرزرددردرةةذةرزظىزىوىظظةزةىةزىءورؤورؤظءدظوددةظردةوةزرززدؤزدءوىوىززردررةدووروؤدةظززىؤءءرىددىدىىءءءءةىةةردةدىدز،ددزدددوىءءىؤووىوىظةدىىة،دءىىءءىرءدىرىزىىءؤرؤدؤردءدزرىرءىزروظرددظوودؤىوىةد ززودووز زروىءوؤةرذذةىدظى زد ؤظظدءىءىءرءوظةورردوزةذظدروذزذززدةزىىظوؤءظءىدردودرىززىدزدزدودررةزد وى درد دةدردىدىءررزظودىزىرزززوءةظوظظظززودظظوظوزرءوزةظءةرةززىدىذوذةززىددىدرظودةظىىرظةدءدرؤزدظظوةوررررزدىظىدرظردىرورددىدرؤووىزرىووروىىةىظؤدظرؤددززىرظظردرظدودةوزررءىءرءرةةظؤوىظةدردظظددوىزرروودظودة;'!;?"*'?**;??;'''''n'nnnnnnnnmcnzxxnznnxCcm
درزددزظددزظد رزووظ و دددرزىدةدءودزؤوىوزرىذدززرررروزددرةددةةظرزوىوزظدى رن ءدورزر ىظىءءىءةزدزر ززودووز رىزظىزىرىدورزرررىرردةزردردةىددىدظدزدززرردؤرررىةرزءىءىرةىرزوزىةىءرءززرروىدةدةظوىددءىذذووىذدزدزدزودظةدىدةدىزودزذددىظىزز،زوؤزىزر،روزظةووىظىدززظ،دظةةىءىوىزوىووىةىزرىززةدظظىءىءودظوظزززددىظووةرزىوىىزددز زى ةىوةو وءىىىرىةرةىةىةىىىرىرىرءزررزىزىززوزةدودزظىظودودزودىةظوظىدودودودوظرزظدىوزدودزدودردءزوزةءىدةدرؤزوىزرزرزدءىرءزةةزىزردىدىدووظدزذدىظززددؤدةدءةدىىءىىزظددرءةزرءرىءزءزردزءرءء،ر،،،ر،ىزرؤززىرزرددردرةةذةرزظىزىوىظظةزةىةزىءورؤورؤظءدظوددةظردةوةزرززدؤزدءوىوىززردررةدووروؤدةظززىؤءءرىددىدىىءءءءةىةةردةدىدز،ددزدددوىءءىؤووىوىظةدىىة،دءىىءءىرءدىرىزىىءؤرؤدؤردءدزرىرءىزروظرددظوودؤىوىةد ززودووز زروىءوؤةرذذةىدظى زد ؤظظدءىءىءرءوظةورردوزةذظدروذزذززدةزىىظوؤءظءىدردودرىززىدزدزدودررةزد وى درد دةدردىدىءررزظودىزىرزززوءةظوظظظززودظظوظوزرءوزةظءةرةززىدىذوذةززىددىدرظودةظىىرظةدءدرؤزدظظوةوررررزدىظىدرظردىرورددىدرؤووىزرىووروىىةىظؤدظرؤددززىرظظردرظدودةوزررءىءرءرةةظؤوىظةدردظظددوىزرروودظودة;'!;?"*'?**;??;'''''n'nnnnnnnnmcnzxxnznnxCcm
awesome song
it makes me feel like i need to reminisce something while going crazy. the harley quinn effect.
It is beautiful song
yes this song says it all 4 me 
This song reminds me of my ex
luv it 😍✌
GOD I LOVE THIS SOOO MUCH
amazing cool
música mútuo fooooooooooooooooo9oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooo o o oooooooooooooddddddddddffsaaaaaaaaa
 Such a good fucking song omggg ahhhhh
lit!
i deadass never knew this was tHaT song
This is a great song
really nice
who loves joker and guinn?
who love joker and guinn
same
same boii
yahhhh i love guinn
LOL
IKR
dammm
who loves quinn
km
what happened
this is how i feel
Fantastick ... Why This Music Turn Around My Brain..
awesome
i wish i had a bad boy...  :\
@ashley-weller-817083239: https://soundcloud.com/cjswazay/cj-swazay-fade-it-snip
Harley Quinn:)
Hey 👋
im fucked up im black and blue i built for it i been abused i ot secrets nobody nobody kn oes
I still love this 
I love this song and beat
🔥
mmmmmmmmmmmm
netflix and chill?
dont really see whats good
@sam-crompton-716049451: UR RIGHT IT CAN'T GET ANY BETTER THEN THIS
I love this song so much becuz it describes Harley Quinn
you my b****
omg😍
damn can it get better.no it cant
love this song ( :
such a good beat
they do they do they do love this song so flowy
this is soo  meeee
YASSS BAD ASS
Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the beat day of your life. Now you've started reading don't stop this is freaky. But if you read this and ignore it you will have bad luck. put this on 15 songs in 144 mins when your done press space bar and your crushes name will appear on the screen this is so freakyDon't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the beat day of your life. Now you've started reading don't stop this is freaky. But if you read this and ignore it you will have bad luck. put this on 15 songs in 144 mins when your done press space bar and your crushes name will appear on the screen this is so freaky Posted 18 days ago18 days ago
love it
go me up so high im barely breathing
I like it
Les Twins
I love this song like im curious about the other side
booooooooiiiiiiiiiii baby is a gangsta
this is fuckin lit
my song
love
yess
yassssss
my fkn fave
pretty 
oo
dis da shit
im good on that pussy shit
cause thats just what gangstas do
when you are paranoid
cool
yassssss
@queen-a-40434918: Yess😍
LEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORKS! Posted 12 days ago12 days ago Reply
i fuckt up
Supported and reposted
wow
@sara-proctor-837758189: you will be okay
💜💜💜
i love this song so much!!!!!
Gangsta!! by @Kehlani
manle
DAMMM SHE CAN SING SEXY
gangsta
i finaly got my gansta
his name is kyle
THX EVIL MESSAGE
THE EVIL MESSAGE
YESSSSSSSSS I HAVE A BF NOW
BY MY CUSH
OMG I JUST GOT KISSED
bad ass
BAD ASSSSSSSSSSSSSS
GGGAANNNSSTTTAA
yes
@user-425588185: your right
butiful
black blue
love this!!!!!!!!!!!
THE BESTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
love this song
wow!!! I'm a gangster 😀
wow
yasssssssssss
this song is boooooooomb
damn this beat though
OMGGGG YESSSSSS GURL!!!
@user-152837110: shut up
@coldfire-homepage: but im a boy tho so
@queen-a-40434918: true true
LOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
to my boyfriend who killed himself cause of what he's been throough
to my boyfriend who did sucide
to my boyfriend
Kehlani Slay
KEHLANI IS ONE OF MY QUEENSSS
its pretty cool but i've heard better
YAS BISH!!!!!
lol
i got this song from Suciide squad
i love this song
@jordan-stovall: YES HE IS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111
loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee this song
i love this song
joker is not bae
Chemical Bath! Joker is bae!
Im not a gangsta girl doh
YAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😍😍👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽 I need a gangsta
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
My jam ❤️👌👍🏽😍
Dis is my shit
mm~ i like this song very good
FREAKING AWESOME DUDE
FACTS
FREAKING LIT FOREVER SLAY
OMGGGGGGG
I’m fucked up too
to love me better
fave song from suicide squad
drop that beat
dam she can sing
My Song😙😙😙😙🤗🤗🤗🤗
love this song
loveeee ittttt
omggggg this explains meeeeeeeee
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORK Posted 4 months ago4 months Reply
i love this movie and this song
omggg!!!!!
love this song bruhh
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORK Posted 4 months ago4 months Reply
ayyyyyy
fuck yes
Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works. Posted 1 hour ago1 hour Reply Posted 3 days ago3 days Reply
YYYYYAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSS
omgg
Awesome
this song is lit awesome
SUPER
love this song❤
<3
love it
Plugged in! 🔌
https://soundcloud.com/rimmon-abraha/kehlani
best song
WHO else laughs like her just me okay 
I love this song man nobody understands 😍😘😗😙😚
1
fw this heavy
wow
me imagine a Taehyung cantando esta parte
my gansta got me 100%
jk
ayyy
love it
EL BOB
YASSSSSSS
beautiful
Feelin' MY LIFE w/ this track!!
Minha parte favorita 
this song explains my whole fucking life!!
i love this song
i love this song so much
beauty
Lots of people would like to visit concert of this artist, but sometimes  you don't have time for it and some people should use this service https://samedaypaper.org/ to get some work done for you.
My songgggg
i need a gangsta to love me better
Don't read this.You will be kissed on the nearest Friday by the love of your life.Tomorrow will be the best day of your life.Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky.But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck.Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins.When done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually work
@user-524709607: you're stupid fuck -- you know it, don't you? )))
best song ever!! 😍😍
OMG
killer
my song
😈😍
DROPP!! ahahah
facts
@user-524709607: what do you mean? dose this really happen?????
nice 
<33
yessssss
lol
nobody
black blue
im fucked up
the millionth time , i listened to it … i love it
KILLIN' IT
i wish i had a gangsta lol
that made me feel some type of wayyyyyyy thooooooo
love this song so much
Love this song 💚👌
That bass line drop is unbelievable
omfg ive been looking for forever
OBSESSED
U lit
so great
to my girlfriend
I LOVE THIS OMG YIG<NLDGDYGIXLU
you got me hangin from the ceiling
and runnin all over you
ride or die with me
im built for it ill be abused
then all the others do
sheesh
suicide squad
Shittttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
My flash back
love it
i already have a gangsta
what a beat
BANG!
holy shit
i love it
🛫♔🎈💙↩
GREAT BITCH
AMAZING
This is my songggggg!😜😂
this explains my true feelings
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORK Posted 3 days ago3 days Reply
OWWN QUE MÚSICA MAIS FOFAAAA
yezzzzzzzzzzzsssssssssssssssseeeeeeeezzzzzzzzzzzzz
AMAZING SONG LOVE IT
ys
love this
me and bae's song XD
<3 <3
Break my love 💔💔
love it
listen to this song before death
love this shit
i love this song 
i love this song
My name is Camilla ♥♡♥♡
Gangster guys are super hot
♥♡♥♡♥♡
awesome
cool
Suicide Squad ♥♡
AWESOME!!!♥♡
you got me hangin from the ceiling~<3
badass song right here
pretty great
i like tits
fuck you
bad song
I'm build for all the abuse ...
I love you
awesome
yes sir!!!
Mmmmmm
love this song
@user-903553041: right ;)
this made me wetter then water
love it
ride or die with me
secrets that nobody knows
my freakness is on the loose
yay i luv harley quinn
@sky-lmao-326825492: Excuse me
luv dis
ugh, ily
this is my shit
This song is smith and awsome at the same time I love it ❤️.
songs ok
lovin it
featured on the www.beatspeak.io bass & misc charts!
my favv song
To always forgive me, rather die with me XD love this
shet pussy
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
She makes me feel good about picking myself a boy
I need a gansta
I'm so proud
She's my gal
nono
this song is doop
this so is amasing
.
i love this song 
sad harley,bad harley,she just wanna play crazy harley, sexy harley wheres your mr.J
pussy shit
bet
net
bt
love her
especially in suicide squad
luv it tho
I need a Puddn
ride me
This is my fav song
gangsta don't love girls like u
gg
Love this song
I love this song
i love your music
🔥💦💛😍😘💋💕🔐👊💀💪
yass bicth
this song fits perfectly in harley quinn and joker situation. Suicide Squad twas lit
i love this song bc i really need a gangsta to love me sikeeeee i already got one ily bby
LITTTTTTTTTT
love this song..i could use a gangsta..
Yess Queen
XD
listen to kkb
nigga's be trippin
ME ENCANTA
ME ENCANTA
ride or die with me >
im fucked up. im black and blue
love this track! 
llllllllllllooooooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeee it
pussy shit
im harley quinn
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttttt
i need a gansta
Love the vibe and the hook of this song. BANG! BANG!
Boys are so naughty  and bad but I still like them
i need a gangsta
ride or die with me
i'm fucked up
yeah
i need that to
true
@user-374728853: i love suicide squad
Joka
joker<3
harly
§♥♥♥§
@yxnika9pg28p: oh
Secrets That Nobody Nobody Knows
i love sucide squade ive seen it 20 times
pussy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
amazing
pussy awesome
ahmed mando 
i love dis song
Mistah J <3
really nasty
ride or die with me
u didnt delt this shit
hell yes
felling 
my favorite part
https://soundcloud.com/yeyosoundz
Alter geil oh oh 
im in love toooo
best song ever
awesome
FUCK IT UP BAELANI
i love the song
AHHHH I love this song I loved it since I first heard it suicide squad H+J
I AM THE HOTEST ODER EVER
takes me back to childhood....
best song ever u rock
😍😎👏🔥🔥💋
lmao same
HArleeen quinn zelllllllll
SOO llllllllllllllllllliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!
that drop tho
that drop tho
im fucked up im black and blue
My boyfriend calls me Harley Quin and I call him Joker
LETS GET IT YOU MY BAE LIKE AEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This song is so lit at parties!
Its so chic and bad to the bone
love this song x
who wants to have sex
ganstas
so sexy
Black and Blue
love this song so much
To always forgive me
love
PLEASE DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. say your name 10 times 2. say your mom's name 5 times 3. say your crushes name 3 times 4. paste this to 4 other songs. if you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday. but if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORKS Posted 5 days ago5 days Reply
pussy shit
am black and blue
<3
in love
fr
cheaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
literally love this song
dis that song
ima real gangsta BBM for life niggas guwop
Damn! I love this.
lovey song
love it
get high with me
ughhh love this right now
awsome
i need a ganstaaaa
best song evaaa
lovely song
Gangiiiissssshhhh
i need a gangster to love me better
i love it
😂🤣😂🤣👏🤢👏🤢
yass
this is kinda creepy but littt
<3
lit
fav song
im lit
i love it
I need a gangsta to love me better
love this. song 
also, if you work within the music industry does not matter what you do exactly, contact viberzcreativity@gmail.com
if you are a local artist looking to get you music out in the world but don't know how to start, send an email to viberzcreativity.gmail.com. they will contact you and give you more information.
Yess
i love this song
ride or die wit me
i love this songg
💕💕💕
that drop tho
Dope sht
sounds peaceful but lit at the same time
im harley quin
 Fav songg
i love it
sound fucking creepy
if only jeff the killer was a gansta and a killer,but he's only a killer
#KFTF
doooope sound
than all the others do
THIS IS MY SHIT BITCHES
The music and the movie are awesome
I LOVE IT
this cooooooooooooool!!!!!
that pussy shit
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
AWSOME
I guess Kirie wasn't gangsta enough...  
any one a gangsta
❤
Love this song
<3
forgive me
beette
i need a gangsta to love me betta
the joker and harley quinn are my relationship goals
ОГОНЬ!
@user-720410707: It is... When Harley Quinn is taking an oath to only love Joker.
you hot!!!
<3
how come this is not in the movie???
story ov my life..
Melhor Musica 😍😍😍💘
best song
BEST SONG!!!!! With BEST scene!! 💙💙💙!!
LOVE IT
🔥 
duuum duuum duuuum
wwwwwooooooowwwwwww
watching suicide squad rn yo
THIS SONG IS MY FAV!
bruh kehlani is life
this is my fave song xx#x
I DO NEED A GANSTA TO RIDE OR DIE WIT ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
love dat beat and da lyrics
suicidie go
Kimberly 
i love this song
awesssssssssssssssssoooooooooooooomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
best SUICIDE SQUAD song
Pussy Shitt ..
@user-387847304: Me too. I love Harley Quinn
nobody nobody
I need a gangsta To love me better Than all the others do To always forgive me Ride or die with me That's just what gangsters do  I'm fucked up, I'm black and blue I'm built for it, all the abuse I got secrets, that nobody, nobody knows I'm good on, that pussy shit I don't want, what I can get I want someone, with secrets That nobody, nobody, nobody knows  I need a gangsta To love me better Than all the others do To always forgive me Ride or die with me That's just what gangsters do  My freakness is on the loose And running, all over you Please take me to places, that nobody, nobody knows You got me hooked up on the feeling You got me hanging from the ceiling Got me up so high I'm barely breathing So don't let me, don't let me, don’t let me, don't let me go  I need a gangsta To love me better Than all the others do To always forgive me Ride or die with me That's just what gangsters do
litty xo
my best friend is the only harley quinn
my best friend is the only harley quiin bitch
fuck me
@user-392179795: lmao...says the guy with the kitten profile
i fucking love this songgggg
i need a gangsta
love this song
I love SuicideSquad is music👍👍
amazing
xjmnhbgvfcd bn
I LOVE HARLEY <3 SHE IS LIFE <3
i fricken love this song <3
great song!!!!
freakness is on the loose
this is how he makes me feel...every word of this
Ride or Die Nigga
YES THATS JUST WHAT GANGSTAS DO
don't we all
love this
than all the others do
#1
harley x Joker
done with this pussy shit
harley is my puddin's
i is a fucking gansta
i need a creepypasta to love me better
no pussy shit
luuvv it!!!
i need a GANGSTA
litttttttttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!
#1 song from suicide squad
I'm fucked up..
this da best song
juhu on da beat
HIIIIIIIIII
yaaas
Impressive style!
@madison-meyers-51274549: Idiot
love it
pussy shit
im fucked up
XD
i really  need a b if you know  what  I'm  talking  about ;) 😉
good song
I need a gsngsta to love me better than all the all the others do
one of my most fravet... i love the Lyrics <3 #SuperbExtremeee (Y) #69
#1 favorite song
@megan-williams-603434819: No
I need a ganster
yooooo
excellent
to LOVE ME BETTERRRRRR
got me up so high im barley breathing!
the pussy shit
puddin bitches ;}
lol
@user-739639354: fuck u
@user-56126960: Dieee
MAKE ME BOI
shut the hell up
no you do
you do
You suck ass
then all the others do
I LOVE THIS SONG I LISTEN TO IT EVERY DAY
love this song
@user-56126960: HI AM 20
@user-383978580: HI
LOVE IT
ride or die
trop top 
This was the best thing ABOUT the movie #Kehlani
eddie redmayne is my bae
nobody nobody nobody nobody knows what love is
Estuve buscando esta canción por meses!
Djemba Djemba produced this
go
I need a gangster
DAT PUSSY SHITT AYEEE
omni ark
brave frontier life
ride or die with me
yw
I love this song and the movie its from
hi
omg i love this song from suicide squad
harley 
Suicide Squad is #LIT
I need a gangsta....
black and blue
i need a gangsta to love me better
love 
<3
LOVE SUICIDE SQUAD!!!!!
i  love this song
cool
@user-456746178: you really need to chill bruh
LOVE this song its for me and my puddin
love this song
nice short f babee look me up ma I see u
Best song ever!!!
my fav song !!!!!
need me a fuckin gangsta fuck boy with that 9 inch
fucking liiiiitt
Any ganstas for me??? LOL
hi
this my shit
wish it was longer
Best Song ever
This was so perfect
love you Kehlani!
#LIT
#LIT
ride or die with me...
ride or die is my life
to alwasy forgive me
always forgive me ride or die with me 😍 love my gansta
i love this song! :) :)
dawg why this song go hard asf
this song is the best on the track
OMFG! LOVE THIS SONG
Amazing <3
pussy shit
damn this song
woyyyy
love this song
Gangsta DOOOOO
this song!!!!!
I need a GANGSTER who wants to be mine lol
than all the others do
i need a gangsta too
I LOVE THIS SONG AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH
gaka
hshshshe
this song is fire tho!
inluv with this song
fire
why you got earings on yo cheekbones
mr mclachlan is creepy
I love this song
cool
im 10 so lol
my stuff
same
my freakness is on the loose
sharlet
to love me better
@user-865870946-623799844: ride or die with me
yess boo i love you kehlani
I love this song u should listen to it
#SuicideSquad Yasss
awsome love suicide squad
Hot
i like this song
beauty of a voice.
that is messed up they her singing for suicide squad after she tryed to commit suicide!!
dis shit deep
my life is going down alaways
ride or die with me
I'm in love 
@user-280403931: cool
i need a gangsta to love me too
this is my squsd i run this. lol
nobody does
freakness is on the lose
rather die with me
dooo
gagsta
that pussy shitt
im fucked up
go kehlani you are good
@user-652436092: i be your gangsta
❤️
suicde squad is my squad
i love her more lol i can sing just like her and i am little
I need a gangsta
Been lil more than 5 years since i heard you on AGT.
this is my favorite song before somo ride
amazing
i love it
i like this song so much omg
DO
4life 2 xxx
@queen-simcat: what do we have to do to not get bad luck lol
LIT
damn that song
love sooooo amazing
i love it
i love it
SO GOOD OH YEAAAAAHHH
ride or die with me too.
i will be your gangster pocahontas
#MYlife #GANG$TA
I'm over that pussy shit
im black blue
You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck.
you can feel the freakshow
KILLER CROCK
SUICED SQUAD
Woww
Jeez soooooo good
i love this song #kehlaniteam
goosebumpss
that what gangsters do 
i need a gangsta 💔
like
Im Fucked up.....On Black and blue
real kenali?
love it
yaassssssss
#harley quinn
love it
Ride or die with me <3
this song is so good
Im loving this riff. Its so good
fucking good
he we go
yassssssssssssss
yes its bomb
I need a gangsta To love me better Than all the others do To always forgive me Ride or die with me That's just what gangsters do  I'm fucked up, I'm black and blue I'm built for all the abuse I got secrets that nobody, nobody, nobody knows I'm good on that pussy shit I don't want what I can get I want someone with secrets that nobody, nobody, nobody knows  I need a gangsta To love me better Than all the others do To always forgive me Ride or die with me That's just what gangsters do  My freakness is on the loose And running all over you Please, take me to places that nobody, nobody knows You got me hooked up on the feeling You got me hanging from the ceiling Got me up so high I'm barely breathing So don't let me, don't let me, don't let me, don't let me go  I need a gangsta To love me better Than all the others do To always forgive me Ride or die with me That's just what gangsters do They do, they do, they do oh To always forgive me Ride or die with me That's just what gangsters do
This is my shit lol so lit 🔥🔥
fuck me
YO anyone a gangsta????
This isn't my shit tbh lol
Haunting voice. I dig it. Eliminate tore this already great song a new asshole with his Flip lol.
love this song
i love pussy
THEN ALL THE OTHERS DO
Sweet
TO LOVE ME BETTAAAA
GEEEE GEEEE YEEEEEEE WHAT I CAN GET SECRETS
i want someone with secrets that nobody knows
This song is my jam
HA HA HA!!! (BOOM) HEAD SHOT HA HA!!!
love this song
life
amazing i love it
LIT
gangsta
waves``
I need a gangsta
Yee
Best written song for the movie by far. This should be on her album when it comes out :D
the this movie is the beeeessssttt
thats what ganstas do XD
Best song ever
@user-935294432: i Love this song cant stop replating it
this is dope
yass
its so LEGIT
yasssssssss
Suicide squad is BO$$
#WAVYSOUND    https://m.soundcloud.com/sn_genius/sets/meraki
ugh I can't stop repeating this song it's so amazing!!!
Go
after watching the choreography by Alexander chung on youtube I fell in love ever since love love love this song !!!!
litty
RIDE OR DIE GIRL
MY SONG 💯
and* the guy who lays joker is awsome
the girl who play harley actually looks like her anf
@jhosedys-ramirez: samz i listen to it every day
@candie-candy-739329321: samzzzzzzz
@user-544310050: not true i read it yesterday and noting has happened
XD XD XD XD XD
awsome
love this song
his is so good but never saw suicide squad but still want to
joker molesta
yes
I need a gangsta
HaHa
my song
wow, amazing work!
dude this is excellent!!!
yasss bro
@user-544310050: not happing
suh dude
omg i love this song i want her voice to suck me
sexy love it
@trueprincezz: xD
I love this song
@user-164129411: delish
Oohmygosh yasss
There should be another one <3
FIRE FLAMES YES!!!!!!
I love this song
suicide squad brought me here
I love this song
love this
awesome song cant stop
its not like anyone cares but i honestly dont really care
i love this song <3
@user-457193894: ha ha no
@user-727871145: check out meh playlist nightcore
this song is life boi i luv it
she could sing
boom
i have a dance to this
love this song <3
so many commets
@ava-dumoulin: yaaaa!!!
i going to keep playing it till i die
CHECK OUT MY NEM EP  L.A "HOMEWORK" AT https://soundcloud.com/l-a-creative-music/sets/homework-ep
love it #suicide squad
cool
I'm good on that pussy shit
that pussy shit
i need a gangsta
i need a gangsta
(;
dont read this you will be kissed on the nearst friday possible and tommorow will be the best day evr for you. now that yoju started reading this dont stop you will have bad luck. but now ou put this on 15 other songs in 144 mins. and when your done press space and your crushs name appears in big letters its so freacky but it works.
Nice Suicide Squad
Best song ever 100/100
i love this part
my song
yes
love it
dayummm gansta <3
GANGSTA
♡♡♡
got me feelin some type of way
@user-10189025: Shhhh
😍😍😍😍😍
Cool
this is so lit
dope and lit
she still a hoe for cheating on kyrie
this is my song
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSS BESSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTTT SSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOONNGG EEEEVVVEEEEEEERRR!!!!!!!!!
love it!
Lovin this song
❤️
wait why the 8 yr old listenin to this
bestie
that pussy shit🍘
I love it
@ava-dumoulin: me to
@ava-dumoulin: u preety
My shit
My song love it😍😍😍😍😍
i love this shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!
she is so good
i did not know that it had bad words
harley quinn
love it to
i love this so much
love it
hi
ha ha ha ha ha
LOVE THIS SEXY SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
boom
@Harley Quinn😜: Lol
acapella PLEASEEEEEEEEEE..really wanna remix this lol
<3
That pussy shit.... <3
yassssssssss
This song is a banger!!! Come follow my SoundCloud for more good music!
This song is legit
Tight champ 
Im just 8 and i love this song i just want to meet her im from singapore i watched the movie online <3 Harley Quinn
Lovalova tis song
i have a gangsta
Hey Puddins <3
love this song n 9ve 5he movie suicide squad me n my dude are crazy like joker n harley
I got me a gangster 😻
omh
this song is so me
i love this it is my favorite song in suicide squad
QUEEN
her voiceee
yeeeessssss
just what gangstas do
gangsta🔫
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssssssss
liit af!
Love it👯
luv this song :)
yaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssss
YESSSSSSSS
oof
this is what gansta's do.
😊😊
Aayyy
I remember seeing her open for G-Eazy
I need a gangsta 2 love me betta
dope.  i want to collab with more females
my tune
freakin hot track
 I got what no body knows. ride or die wit me...
This song is lliiittt
Love The ReMixes
L Hope you like it!!!!!!!!
I really love this song!!!!!
Hypnotic and beautiful vocal. love at first bar
Yessss
im good on that pussy shit
amazing
do you have $5 dollars i can borrow
do you guys even know how to spell?
that pussy shit
this is my fav song in the hole wide world
this song is gangsta
I need a Gangsta👽💙
ride or die with me
👌 
ride or die with me
I Need a gangsta to love me better
Love this Song..
this is a good song
this is my fav of out of all the other songs
i fucked up
better days
I need a gangsta too 💯
@user-457193894: how
damn this part
love it 
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Damn this song is good
Guys trying muting your volume then listen to it, it sounds beautiful.
im ur gangsta
check my remix to this https://soundcloud.com/mcnattt/khelani-gangsta-mcnatt-flip
cool
I can see what your saying... Raymond `s article is surprising, last week I bought a top of the range Acura from making $4608 this-past/month and-a little over, $10,000 this past month . with-out any question its the easiest work I've ever had . I began this five months/ago and almost straight away startad bringin in minimum $82 per-hr  +_+_+_+_+_+_+_+_+ http://www.JobToday60.com
lure me to this song
@user-454273696: dam your a hot bitch
keeps me out, but love it!!
Definitely describes Harley and The Joker!!!!!
nice
love this music
Love it!
LISTEN TO MY SOUNDCLOUD IT'S LIT AF !!!!!!!!!!!!
listen to my sound cloud it be LIT!!!
hell yeah
fav song (btw im a girl)
my fav sonf
"ride or die with me"
好
ride or die with me 
Rather die with?
la mejor canción. 
this songs sounds so good on beats!!
this is good shit
I love her tone, it's magical. And the production is A+!
love this song
NEW ARTIST https://soundcloud.com/user-270311011/leanin-yung-kuda-x-money-mex-x-lil-juice CHECK IT OUT
ey, this voice is beautiful!! very nice melody, nice chilled sound! please check me out!
<333 littttyy
this song is creppy and good
beatifuld voice
i'm in love
soooo good!
love it
i need a gangsta to love me better than all the others do
i got secrets
ayyeee
i love this song😍😍😍❤❤❤❤❤❤
https://soundcloud.com/pacificawaves/kehlani-gangsta-pacifica-bootleg
moo
I was not ready. #slain
Damn kehlani this is amazing
neck snapper
NOOBODY KNOWSSS
@user-727871145: by da way u look like an ugly whore
@user-698879585: u a catfish wich means porn star bitch
sick
"Ride or Die with me"
sucribe me pls i follow  u back
love it
https://soundcloud.com/feroe-aka-narmer/how-the-west-was-won-freestyle
i love this song
she killed that
to love me better
love it
ride or die with me
@bridget-sale: -I`ll b your Gangsta`  ;)
¨I need a gangsta to luv me betta`¨
IF YOU WANT TO VIBE TO SICK BEATS AND LAUGH YOUR ASS OFF AT SOME DUMB LYRICS HIS PAGE IS WHERE TO GO!! GUARANTEE YOU'LL LAUGH YOUR ASS OFF!! CLICK NOW!!@kilam_malik
I PROMISE MY LYRICS WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH YOUR ASS OFF AND MY BEATS WILL MAKE YOU VIBE TF OUT! Click click click!!! @kilam_malik
<_<
https://soundcloud.com/moussmusic CHECK ME OUT
LOVE THIS SONGGG
:*
<3
this is resilient
very good
BEST PART
gangsta osdjfkldgkşfl
BEST PART
before I saw the paycheck four $5696 , I be certain that my brothers friend woz like realie receiving money in their spare time at there labtop. . there mums best friend had bean doing this for only about eleven months and just now cleard the mortgage on there condo and bought a great new Chevrolet . go to this web-site .. >>>>> http://www.JobProfit9.com
love it soooo much
serious chills
<3 <3 <3
<3 <3
Dope.
@user-884938070: I quit my office job and now I am getting paid 92 Dollars hourly. How? I work-over internet! My old work was making me miserable, so I was forcEed to try-something different. 2 years after...I can say my life is changed completely for the better! Check it out what i do... See Here.  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ http://newjob56.tk
PORTUGAL GANGSTA
https://soundcloud.com/the_perfectionist_official/do-what-i-do
good song
luv suicide squad
i love this song and it awesome
Dam this is on point.
#Replay
#Reply
YEYSYYEYYSYYEYSYEYSYEES
Yess igkgmgomgomd
Oh im not going to kill ya, im just going to hurt you, really really bad!
Fire ! Like Follow Share Comment https://soundcloud.com/user-958274900/holy-key-freestyle
wooooow
That moment when joker jumps in after Harley. Awesome!!
aww yeahhh Kehlani~
It aint a hit if the hook doesnt get ya..
Incredibly sexy....
I LOVE Gangsta
love itttt💋💕💋💋😜😜😜😊😊😊
Damnnn
Please listen to my music
GANGSTA TUNE BWOY
@dpds-always-husting-100: bye stfu with that chain shit
slaps
what a beautiful voice
whats gangsta about this lol
love
FYI Djemba Djemba produced this
this song is done :€
FOR U https://soundcloud.com/insytierra/angel-eyes
this is the shit
DOOOO
chilly
I NEED A GANGSTA HAHAHA
:)
I NEED A GANGSTA
AWESOME I'M FUCKED UP TO I'M BLACK AND BLUE TO
I love this song off of SUICIDE SQUAD
omfg yasss!!!
AWESOME AS FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I AM FUCKED UP TO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
awesome as fuck
great! one of my favorite tracks, check out this new cool track guys www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw89L4HJeJg
yEEEEEEESSSS
I need A gangsta. ;)
love love love love this song
I really love this song!
this song is amazing and it went perfect with the suicide squad movie
;)
wow great track! check out this new cool track guys,  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw89L4HJeJg
My favorite song since I saw Suicide Squad
<3
whowwwwww
so great
ha     ha      ha
Song hasn't started and yet I love it :3
that ride or die Gangsta
@trinity-oaks: Follow My Page @http://buzznews23.tk/
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
boss song
OMG my feeakn sing
nice one, check out this new cool track guys https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw89L4HJeJg
https://soundcloud.com/yahncashanova/tr-x-yahn-cashanova-x-for-the-people
Vish
i cant get over this song asdfghjklllllll
<3
that pussy shit
i need a gangster
im fucked up im black and blue
i luhh dis song
😍
goes hella with the plot
Rip Kyrie
cool 
this is just .... good on so much lvls
Wow She Sounds Perfect! I Swear The Suicide Squad Tracklist Is Straight Fire! Everyone Please Check My Account And Let Me Know Some Feedback! ITS LIT LIT LIT🔥🗝
@kayla-falk
the movie was awesome
@Ms4you: M
nice intro ;)
i need a GANGSTA
Nice
@ralphburg @hz_sound 
guys, found this cool new track, check it out www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw89L4HJeJg
chicly
tune!
check out this new cool track guys  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw89L4HJeJg
lovely voice and lyrics 
Voice <3
Great song.....But that aint what gangsters do babe.
Damm I love Harley Quinn,shes too sexy
Whole song in general is lit 🔥
voice!
Gangsta 🚬
hot
love love love this ong and the video. you have an amazing voice kehlani
💜💜💜
this is amazing
Best. song. ever.
i definitely need a gangsta
this is amazing
check out my remix bros ;) https://soundcloud.com/tri-bass/kehlani-gangsta-tri-bass-remixsuicide-squad
fukk yasssssss
Please listen to my music
gansta shit
are you gonna post the orchestral movie version?
love this song
IM FUCKED UP
this song lowkey lit
BATSY BATSY BATSY...
UNREAL
with the Era Estrefi lil laugh ! 👌 Dope af !!
pls i love this song so much
amazing
Love ya Margot Robbie!!
im heart is broken
chorus hands down my favorite part
is sooooo good
Real cool song!
Im so hooked, i did a cover on it
...ride or die with me...
balckon white is realy good check out balckon
my favorite song
This is pure gold
Omg this gives me chills
Loved the feel of this song, especially in the movie to. Awsome Work
havent seen the movie yet
MY SIS HATES THIS SONG
yasssss
preach girl. songs sexy af
DROP THE ALBUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
with teeth
click the page for NEW MUSIC🎧🎵🎤
perfect Keh
got damn
You have won Kehlani.
pussy shit
I like it, damn!
"You got me hooked up them feelings." SAME
im blood on that pussy shit ;)
perfect for the movie !
lovvvvvvvvvvvve
so fuckin dope !!
Good
ohhhhh fuck yes bitch
love this i want to see suicide squad so badly 
This is my shit
FUCK YES I LOVE THE VIBE
omg love music
lo mejor
OMG I CANT
acid bath scene...rxdrft7gyhiuojin;jbhlgkcyfxtes5d657figo98j9ilok[njbhvgcy
PUDDIN I LOVETHIS
noOOOOOBODY NOBODY NOBODY KNOWS
im black and blue
DO
PUDDIN
GANGSTA FUEGO LADYS NAKED
love its style aawawawawwww
Kyrie isn't gangsta then...
Puddin ❤ this song was so good in the movie
love this song ❤😍
@farhan_nafis2412: But this song was played at the perfect timing
This is the dopest track ever. I dont understand how people even write this shit.
this song was so good in the movie 
that beat though
damn kehlani
chills
https://soundcloud.com/moussmusic/lets-have-a-kickback-remixft-polo-d-and-mizz
Love this song so Much!!!!
sexy af
Abalô,num Abalô!? Rainha 👑❤
absolutely obsessed with the movie and now the soundtracks!
Im so inlove with this song.. plssssssssss
love this!!!
I love <3
follow n i follow bck , check ma page out
\m/
my song 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
😎😎😎
this is drug
this shits got me hooked
this is gr8
do you feel it?
yyaaassss biitvvhhh
this is so good 
I literally crave this song....uggggghhhhh MORE
man I can't stop listening to this
this is my bitch she is the best person ever
♥ 
I love this song OMG 
Ong this song totally supports the JokerxHarley shipp so perfectly
this song!!!
I'm right here Kehlani lol
im in love with this song every since i seen suicide squad
Lyrically and vocally you can't be touched Kehlani!
@hex-cougar: djemba djemba
2:54
Song went so well with it's scenes in the movie
u made it!!
So don't let me don't let me don't let me don't let me goooo💘🃏
best song for the best character from the best movie
HELL YEAH!!!
hawt
Mr J
yassssssssssssss
gthang
Smh please Marry this Gangsta then 
I need a Gangster to love me better
first!
Slayyyyyy!
@ninjagaara: when harley quinn falls into the tub of weird liquid for joker
@djembadjemba: im pretty sure
chord progression winning
im inlove
This beat dropped harder than Taylor Swifts "good Girl" act
this is exactly how heaven gonna sounds
@ezh3x5dz2mwy: stfu she still make more money than you
♡♡♡♡
gangster*** stupid hoe
holy fuck yes
i fxck with this heavily
this song makes me want to watch the movie.
damn
me too girl
greetings from 916
ILL EAT HER ASS
ILL EAT HER ASS
she kills it!
I heard this in the movie and I was like, "Kehlani?" Great song 👍
Dayummm..... Love&Light
love your voice. my fiance just passed away and I want to record a song in her memory. do yo collaborate? are you on FB or IG? (SonGod)
Life Love It!!
@iecho-1: When was it played in the movie?
WHO IS THE BEATMAKER ???
THIS WAS PERFECT IN THE MOVIE
so proud of you and how far you have come... comeback is reall
I replayed this song so many times😍😍😍😍😍😍congrats boo I love you
Grammy
holy shit who produced this
A music video should be made for this
NOBODY KNOWS MY SOUNDCLOUD
bad af
khelani i just love you!!💝💝💝💝
workkkkkk
the scene in suicide squad when this song played <3
just watched the movie and I loved it! Thanks for the song!
i love you so much Kehlani
The entire song is FIRE!!!
baddest
my new song if fire (literally) show some love :)
Damn Kay. You dropping left and right <3
yesss
<3 <3
I've been waiting for this song all week omg <3
#KYMRENCEYOUNG
Gangsta = is a hit it and quit, Mafiosa= she's a keeper, you sing my favorite song BRIGHT so beautiful, you a MAFIOSA🌟.XOXO 
🔥
<3
im mad that people said suicide squad was trash cause the soundtrack was lit with shit like this
on a loop ! Absolutely LOVE it ! ❤
this has Harley Quinn written all over it!
Ayeee ✨ 
*highnote
That highnte gave me the chills
I knew this was going to be amazing 😍
sweet track
Jumpin Track!!
*Dab*
LANI DONT PLAY....... YES BABYYYY!!!
i freaking love you so much!!!
