this is the only song I like from lady gaga because it's in a taekook fmv
he's Pappas 
класс
♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ xx
Heard a boy make a cover of it and loved it 
hi 
hi 
@dalton-adkins-2  hi 
hi 
hi 
So fucking long ago.
I want you to put this song on jojo's bizzare adventure
Art
hi 
i love lady gaga i am a very big fan !!!!!!!!!!!!!
yassssssssssss u go girl
mola
LOVE IT 😂
Punch a nazi
YASSSSSS
i love you lady gaga
AAAAAAAAAAAAAÀAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAÀAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
This song represents Kilgrave and Jessica to me
love every part of the song
now we goin somewhhere. take it back!!!!!!!!!!
double double roxy
i thought she said double double roxy when i was little lol
yasssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
YYYYAAAASSSSS
follow and spam mty music pain out now lol
follow meeeee
follow meeeeee plzzzzz
SO GOOD!!!!
fuck yes
love u ladygaga
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
https://soundcloud.com/finger-nuggetz/greg-dies
YEA
@bobbi-campbell-2: ahaha
3:286
i love ya!
@jellycactus: Ill try checking it out online
@jellycactus: It's in Las Vegas? I live all the way in michigan! I'm pretty sure they sold out of tickets too
Best.Song.ever!
@jellycactus: Where at exactly?
OOOMGGGG
i listen to ths in ela
she screams "WE'LL STILL, HAVE, FUN!" like lotsa kindergarteners
dont smoke kids
yes, im your biggest fan lol (but srsly lady gaga is cool)
copier
lady Gaga Princess of POP
cool
Omg WOW LUV THIS SONG!!!
Hi dylan
YAAYAYYAYAYAYYYAYSSS
WHHOOO
So why do I jam to this in the middle of L.A
my kid used to say pops friend pops friend roxi
yess lady gaga fuck yes i love you
papa paparizzi
love this so much
fuck ya
Yass
i love this song number 1
This song is so underrated.  Tiffany,  Madonna with more soul.  Love you 
Lady Gaga!-Paparazzi
Lady Gaga!-Paparazzi
Lady Gaga-Paparazzi
best song ever omg !
@dalton-adkins-2: Omg, I praise you for this!!!
ugh people who do those stupid chain mail things are so annoying.um just because i don't share a stupid message doesn't mean that i'll have bad luck! and really? my crush's name will appear on the screen in big letters? do you realize how ridiculous that sounds? yeah you can  keep on posting these stupid things but your crush/love of your life won't notice you until you do something. and i'll gladly take the bad luck. know why? because it's not real, and i'm not going to get bad luck. i don't need these things to make a move on my crush, and i doubt a  lot of people do either,so stop sharing these chain mail posts, because not only are they inconvenient to look at, but i'm pretty sure a whole lot of people are annoyed by superstitious nonsensical things like this. i'm sorry for ranting but i''m just tired of seeing that same message everywhere i go. i do love this song though, such a great message in the lyrics!
you are the best love this song
chum Ra ski
We are the crowd
nice bit of music
