PLEASE DONT READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOU LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DONT STOP NOW. THIS IS SO FREAKY. 1. SAY YOUR NAME 10 TIMES. 2. SAY YOUR MOM'S NAME 5 TIMES. 3.SAY YOUR CRUSH'S NAME 3 TIMES. 4. PASTE THIS ON 4 OTHER SONGS. IF YOU DO THIS , YOUR CRUSH WILL KISS YOU ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY. BUT IF YOU READ THIS AND DO NOT PASTE THIS , YOU WILL HAVE VERY BAD LUCK. SEND THIS TO 5 SONGS IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU ARE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH NAME WILL APPEAR ON THE SCREEN IN BIG LETTERS. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORKS Posted Right nowRight now  Posted 5 hours ago5 hours ago
<3
Im not comjng home
omg yes
probably the only track on this album I can really jam to
IncrÃ­vel!!!  Awesome!!!
awesome song
FORZA4LIFE
Back to childhood
this song is on forza horizon 3
hnnn I love blink 182
BEST SONG EVER
NOICEEE
luv it
this brings me back to when i was suicidle
yea bio
Cool
awesome!!!
i love blink 182
im inlove with the drummer...im practicing this song on the drums!!!
AWESOME
AWESOME
if you don't like this you can get the hell out.
:D
amazing
@user-479835342: what what?
I'm bored to death watching all the people complain about listening to a song that they chose to listen to.
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ðŸ¤˜ðŸ¤˜ðŸ¤˜ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ
@user-41215824: What
I love blink-182
This Song Is like one of their best And its true LIFE IS TO SHORT TO LAST LONG
This is my favorite song
Best Ever ðŸ’˜
trash belonges in a tolit
Hell ya!
I need this album
@dyl-fans: I have seen blink 182 in concert
@autumnmadiison: Hi
excelente 
SOunds awesome
dope
omlllll im deaddddd c:
im in a test
i need death
@kyle-lane-hayward: You don't.
i work at a radio staion called k-rim 96.3 fm, located in payson az, i would like to see if you could send us some mp3 files to play on air, please contact me at mrobinson1297@gmail.com or go to krimfm.com and email my boss who will forward it to me and confirm what im saying.
Travis Barker!!!!!!!!!!
cool song
45332e
Oh,yeah.
@user-885634667: slut.. go away
Best song I've ever heard
just started listening to this song...love blink!
life is too short to last long â˜ðŸ’—
this song ðŸŽƒðŸ˜«ðŸ’ž
blink > all
my new jam forever gonna love this song man 
i farted
Love this song
damn
Saw them live 2 weeks ago, Matt Blows bring back Tom for the final tour
this is soooooo good
i love this song
;-; the music was everywhere at this point
Hell ya this my shit
love it mclovin
everything
good-one
where is the steve aoki remix?
nice
cool
travis !
full track pls
I like it I don"t say that often.
https://soundcloud.com/ankarajkt/sunshine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYbd_qw4xvw
Welcome back guys! Missed you so much
sounds like Adamas Song, but this song is awesome to ! :)
soo cool man, i love it
If people are bored to death listening, then they shouldn't pause and comment ,they should just fuck off.
SIZORHANDZ BEATZ
irrelevant
awesome
Appropriate title
Travis kicking ass on this track.
Travis Barker is the shit!
I love the drummer
this shit jammin
ew!!
trash
well this is cool I got a IMVU credits code totally free! Hit up http://imvucreditsgenerator.com
Nice vocals
bullshit..fake followers
....
i have testicular cancer
still suck lol
@user-89956824: No just stop.
really cool
https://soundcloud.com/pmoneyy207/p-moneyy-war
I was expecting so much more from Blink 182 but this'll do I guess.
nostalgia for dayss!!
Das Khosh
yeeee
@kristian-alannielsen: I know, right? And the fact that this is considered rock music makes it even worse.
How the fuck is this rock music. This sounds like some peppy Justin Bieber shit. Is this what's considered rock nowadays? lmao
LISTEN TO MY NEW SHIT
POTATO
YUM
HI
COOL
I love blink 182 ;)
@user-917699812: Me too
Not bad
Life is too short.. very true
Nice Rift
The Title is misleading --  not as boring as I thought
OOOHHH
Bored Again!
I'm Bored to death!
Love it
I rubbed mustard on my asshole
I sliced my nutbag and my noodles fell out
I shit my pants and had to call into work
I farted
Listen to my new track Discretion!
This sounds like a track that'd be used in a Kitty0706 vid
a lets wok as a team
i like it good harmony
Check out my Page! TheOnlyYungL dropping a new song today!
they sound like their age.
I like this song
BORING
fuck yeah
can you listen to the music that is on my profile
yo i havent heard any of your music since h.s.  ....FFFFIIIIIRRRRREEEEE
LOL "Life is too short to last long" WOW, NO SHIT? Such terrible lyrics..
shouldve put the 'whoa" part first
https://soundcloud.com/j-yard/french-montana-ft-drake-no-shopping-remix-ft-jyard
This is a really great song.
Never listened to Blink-182, but this sounds really nice
Why is this gay shit on my homepage and how do I get it off?
Hate DeLong because Skiba make blinks better
sound generic and boring regurgitated mess.  back to pop punk please
mario ochoa
Sounds overproduced... I miss the old Blink. This is not even close to what they used to sound like
Amazing job guys! This sticks true to the B182 style <3
very good
so good
loved blink 182 since all the small things honestly
Hey great song!!!!
ohmyfuckinggod
Are their any other songs that are good from this band. I just want to know
not a bad song to listen to. could get use to this song playing on my phone time to time.
awesome
Not bad
love it ! Check my sound
fucking garbage, get the fuck off promoted
lets fucking go
blink 182 still does stuff? i think theyre a bit too old for this
sound like a worship song
https://soundcloud.com/tyler_hutton/echoes-of-the-future
no thanks
Wow I thought this was one of Blink's best songs in a while, the hate must be from beiber fans and 14 year olds who don't understand the concept of music. Oh well good music isn't for everyone I guess lol. Can't wait to see them live next month!
nah
traditional rock with instruments... yea, time is up. boring as fuck
https://soundcloud.com/bloodyxdollas/4pm-snippet
Its nice to see them mature in their music
shit
check me
egh
glad i skipped thi sone
noice
@ayroelijah
why is this cancer promoted?
If you hate the song why are you listening to it lmao
I love this
https://soundcloud.com/itsrellie/sets/omw-60
<3
https://soundcloud.com/antoine-wilson-949890193/twon-something-new-ftpkdadon-prod-by-ignorvnce
I like it
hmu for beats
Fr3SHEMAN FEELINGS
check out my music homies
check out my big floppy boobs
@justin-fischer-674497357: yes!
idk
@idenerrigan: Yeah it actually doesn't work. At least I tried. I can't believe how "nice" you are
LOOOOVVVE the FILL at 2:49.  Travis Barker- one of the best rudimental drummers ever.
So cool group of my childhood )))
I love it
LOVED THE LAST 2 MINS
@neel-2000: Oh and 1 more thing, doesn't matter what plays the best in the song, because with these songs, usually the drums are supposed to be the most pronounce :P
@neel-2000: hey, at least its not under produced like most songs
Don't like it.
sounds like the off spring
singer sounds like he could do a prog rock band
can you listen to the music that is on my profile???
can you share and support my youtube account https://youtu.be/Y0MzaH5JcTo
got the album, love this one. You guys sound like you did years ago!
@user-241606238-413985186: I dont think he asked you tho
Nice Track. Check Out My New Single On My Page
Brings me back to 8th grade..
dont usually like this genre. this is beast though!
.....
its blink 182
so good. best thing since enema
Still the same Blink-182 I love
hi im oliver age 24
missing a liiiiiil bit of that OG raw sound, but pretty damn nice to hear such a similar sound even after all these years
90s invasion
feel it
can you listen to the music on my profile??
Nice track!
The song is pretty catchy but the lyrics are kind of lame. Life is too short to last long?? Really? Also it sounds like 2 marks singing now. It's just not the same without a contrasting voice like Tom's.
yall check it out
my new song is fire
yall check out my new song
why is everyone talking shit about to song, you clearly dont know who blink-182 is. FUCK OFF THEN!
still prefer minecraft cds
I prefer minecraft cds
love this song tbh
Love it or hate it, it's new Blink 182. I don't mind a new singer.
https://soundcloud.com/tajhmahal-2/blk-prod-by-tajhmahal
go listen to this track: FirstGod - Reptilians
Check out out my track: FirstGod - Secret Societies
trash
good shit
SICC!
boring
AYE
â™¥â™¥
can you listen to the musoc that is on my profile
good
People need to understand that bands change so they arent gonna be the same as they were 10 or 15 years ago ,but anyways this is a good song!
Noice
@gun-night: fuk u it didnt work
The master is hella pumping.  I'll blame soundcloud
I dont know what "Life is too short to last long" means
FUCK THE HATERS BLINKE 182 PEAKED AT TOYPAJ
it's ok
heyyy great song im new to soundcloud but please go check out my new single this n that also availible on itune,spotify,google play,tidal,iheart radio and more also dont forget to follow me
Awesome!
LOL since this song got promoted, you're gonna be attacked by mainstream edgy people calling this music crap.
I LOVE B-182 SO MUCH
Incredible!!
those drums
what the fuck is this autotune
this sucks
much love to mark and the rest of the band!
Yes!
where's tom? ðŸ’¤ðŸ’¤
this is shit
1998
This beat goes!!!!!
what year is it?
whaaat it sounds juts like them ah
wow
Cool bro!!! This song is awesome I fell like putting This song as my youtube chanle
woah
new blink is awesome! although, I miss the dude ranch era. this is dope!
its alright
Sounds like classic B182. Too bad Tom is off chasing UFOs.
this shit is fire
amazing.
@alvin-hudspeth: ok do I give a shite
This is classic with some new effects
finally something good after all these poorly edited rap songs
@sludgehead: the best city
ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜
He should play Pokemon Go if he's that bored
no
i love nudes
love
what the fuck
The Memories of early 2000s â™¥
yuk
i like this oh
gay and shitty
promoting shit gets you a plate of cancer 
This song kind of doesn't relate to the name
https://soundcloud.com/user-577990794/therealginovicci-imtheplug
best music evar
this song is good asf
can you listen to my music on my profile???
damn i miss travis barker
"life is too short to last long." i like the lyrics
i feel like im at a high school party....very classic sound. his writing is always deeep and makes you think
check us out we are just like blink-182 except more pop-punk
so you aint gon tell me this artwork isn't just like azizi gibsons' prehistoric till death albumb art
thank you for introducing me to this new band. this is one of the many reasons i love sound cloud!
it ok  but it is good
https://soundcloud.com/feroe-aka-narmer/dont-think-prod-by-anonymus-beats
this is ass
gayyy
fuck you,  incubus
A band on its last breaths
Wack ass song!
Htas how you know this is gonna suck!
nice beat
mate great song i heard it on spotify
90's coming back with a furry.
REALLY
I LOVE IT
wIT IM WRONG
stupid
Age against the Machine
L
That 1990 angst
omg this is so bad
its ripping my soul apart
my shit songs
backwards intimidating GI!
but i was drinkin so whatever most of there songs are about alcohol
yeah matt skiba was in my head
bored
@bloop-10: he tottaly twisted it with get out the state holmes
Cool Music
epic skills on drums
*Barfs in mouth*
@mysterytroller-dg: And what kind of music do you listen to?
Finally, a decent 'promoted track', and yet people are saying it's crap.
nice dface artwork, shitty diarrhea song
haters can stfu
ys at 1:45: Don't read this. You will be kissed on the nearest possible Friday by the love of your life. Tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Now you've started reading this don't stop this is so freaky. But if you read this and ignore it then you will have very bad luck. Put this on 15 songs in 144 mins. When you are done press space bar and your crushes name will appear in big letters on the screen this is so freaky it actually works Posted 2 months ago2 months
no good
of course its the sme riff as whats my name again, how muc csn an amature guitrist do ith a stok chrd change? these guys haven't gottn a lessone since I 1st herd them in 95. meh
SO FUCKING SICK. Fuck you haters...
wait is no 1 likes the song why r u listening to it :l
BLINK!!!!!!
WHAT YEAR IS IT
this is shit who tf would write this shit
F that
can you listen to the music that is on my profile???
lmao why this gay shit recomended smh
dear blink boys, please bring back the days of chesire cat.  enough of this.
so bad compared to the classics. so bad
I can dig, nice work boys.
FUCK THE HATERS
BLINK
Lit
this beat is sick as hell , and quavo hook ðŸ”¥
LOVE IT - Life is too short to last long!
ayy
Check out my song BasedRob - Samurai
@whatitdoux: s u i c i d e   i s   a l w a y s   a n   o p t i o n
@dx-mcleod: lololol
cool, you guys spoke to me as a kid!
Fuck the haters. you guys kept your old school vibe n sounds. mad ups!
sounds like katie perry...yikes
what year is it
I've listened to you guys for the past 20 years...used to be a fan, but this stuff is uber-old now...sorry
SAME RIFF AS WAHTS MY AGE AGAIN LMAO!
Nice
I'm digging these drums....
NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NAH NAH NAH NAH NO NO NO NAH NAH NAH NOPE NAH NO
i can digg this
very chill
Nice D*Face Artwork!
this makes me wish i could have been the victim of some genocide just so i could have never lived to have heard this shite
ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ https://soundcloud.com/palal/run-it-up-ft-cook-babes (link in bio)
blink-182 afffffffffff
Without Tom - this is like the old old days. Waggy shit.
The rough streets of Rancho Cucamonga tempered them into the punk rock killing machines they are.  LOLZ
I hated their "im feeling this" crap, but at least they weren't re-treading the same ground in a weak and ineffectual way. Say what you like. I'm not bothered if you like it. I'm not here to stop you. I'm simply giving my opinion that if a band is going to make a reunion album they should either 1.Stick to what they know or 2.Evolve and progress. This album did neither. It's simply an overly produced and vapid attempt at their early music...too bad they lost their balls somewhere along the way. Don't get your panties in a twist.
No, that's not a fair assessment. I liked Green Day when I was a little kid. Even through the time during dookie and insomniac where everyone called them sell outs I defended them. When Nimrod came out and then warning! and everyone said they were "going soft" i still defended them (american idiot however is a complete embarassment). I've defended NoFX, I've defended bad religion, I've defended MXPX, and I've defended the hell out of Blink from flyswatter/uranus/buddha to cheshire cat and Dude Ranch. I even liked a couple songs off of take off your pants. I've seen them live 4 times (and saw them get booed off the stage at the inland invasion). I don't make broad sweeping statements about the inherent value of a band, and I don't throw the word sellout around freely. I've had 20 years to listen to, assess, and re-listen to their music and my opinion remains concrete. They were a good skate/pop punk band, and then they started to suck (to be continued)
we missed you
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Ehhh.. I don't dig it
shit song
rescuing a tiger from a tree
I missed Blink :')
this song should have been in American pie
Damn Blink kill em!
[soundcloud url="https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/273048872" params="auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true" width="100%" height="450" iframe="true" /]
blink is back!
Check my track: FirstGod - Secret Societies
im bored
good mix but nothing feeling good about this one
This ain't my style
Im so bored that this song bores me
no.
dope omg.
good song!
nice
back to 2000's <3
I LOVE IT!!!
huh
@skylineheartbeatmusic: Autotune? have you actually seen the Pro Tools project to know that there's autotune on their Vox chain?? interesting. Sounds like it could be Melodyne to me, but okay lol
@h-lamar-thomas: LOL say what you really mean, man. dont hold back like that, cmon!
@koala-and-the-kholes: holy shit you're mad lol. I guess they should have kept making the music they didnt wanna make anymore just for you huh lol. Kind of like if you have an old hobbie, say playing basketball for example. but then one day you change sports because it doesnt interest you anymore. would someone come up to you & say "man, youve changed. you used to play basketball now you play football? the fuck man" makes sense lol
"Life is too short to last long "
I must admit i like it.
This part is siiick. Never thought it would feel so good to have Blink back in the mix.
niiiccceee
killer
https://soundcloud.com/b-zy-380378418/sawce-turn-up Go check out my new track. Make sure to stop by an follow
Yummy punk rock in my tummy
yesss
nice! long time no hear!
Radical mix
SAME.
i love blink!
at all
i don't like this
wheres full version 
I wonder if Matt Skiba is still calling all skeletons.
and here we see teenagers that just turned 40.
this makes my happy tbh
@icholasbersole: welcome back old friends
yes
I bought the album a few days ago and have listened to it a dozen times. I think the songs would be so much better without the massive autotune coverup going on.
titties
Wow
Meh.
fuck yeahhhh
this is exactly where they left off no one should be bitching! they stayed so true to their song <3333
love u baby now u got to be getting put on my level ready for if orrrrrrrrr should take nap
I stopped liking them when they did Enema of the State....then they venture into pseudo emo shit for a while now they come back and mix the two bad parts of their career together and come up with this pile of crap. Thanks blink...im glad i wasted time defending you the last decade.
Their new album is actually pretty good surprisingly
lol
Is Matt Skiba writing the songs now??
Check out my page!
Blink 182 my boys!
LOL at this is what Blink-182 sounds like now
wow!!!!!
i love it
pro mix! congrats!
I don't really like their new album. I listened to Enema of the State a lot in my early teens, I'll always love that album. I don't really get why everyone is saying it sound like your old stuff, but I haven't listened to anything recent.
love the drums !.. its been too long
i miss those drums so much!!!
stop making music 
Wow sounds like their old stuff! TERRIBLE!
beast
great end theme
powerful
musica para bebe
musica instrumental para bebe
@arnold-schwarzenegger-aargghhghghgh: lalalalaalalalalalalalalalasifhdshdshfd
yoo blink 182 fuck yesss!!
im bored to death
awesome album
Bored to death!
Nice!!
Not bad guys!
radio quality music
nostalgia
@joeytalarczyk: He's off hunting aliens.....seriously
I love this, so nostalgic! <3
Nice guys!!  Classic Blink, great one guys
All the small things interlude
woah oh's sound like Tom. hehe
bored to death
this song dumb 
check out my songs that would be good
nice to see they kept their sound after so long
@cuntfag-262022578: haters gon hate
nummber one believer ford rcjv chatch up 
bored to death wrightong and fighting to jst get u back to help life be a bettrr place for everybody so can we and shall we live it together and be saved blessed and live life of party and show true love abd the best future for little ones god is good all the time and all the tine god ia goos 
NO!!! I did not lnk this. I have not played this. Blink 182 or anything like them does not appear anywhere in my music or writings. This is SPAM! Stop it, SoundCloud, you are not the only service in town. Please remove from my playlist. I will not play it. I will not do anything as there is NO as in ZERO options to delete or remove. Please remove. Give me your home emails please, so I can load you up with spam, SC devs and mods. I would appreciate also if you would give me your personal SC account so that I can load it up with Milli Vanilli or some awful crap. Leave me alone
Right On!
It's what they left off with. Enema of the State. Revisit that album please?
were the FUCK have you been all my life??
Love.
takin' it back
cool
@epsilonbeats: This is true, however I think thats why we like them so much, they make us laugh and then cry... Sometime in the same song XD
@user-169647598: hi
@user-798395210: no
@epsilonbeats: their*
@verickknight: haha its good, i know they have like "emotional" songs, but i like they're funny tracks a lot more.
@epsilonbeats: As soon as it started playing I started head banging... Its pretty refreshing hearing new Blink, why didn't you like it at first?
@verickknight: haha i didn't like it at first (compared to the older blink), ...but it grew on me. The drums are tight. 91.1 and blink go way back. hah
@epsilonbeats: that wouldn't be too bad for the first week, on week 3 I'd be pulling my hair out
Tom has to protect us from the aliens. wtf haha this track is tight.
@verickknight: lol San Diego radio is playing this non stop :P
New Blink.... Where have been! It's high school allover again, yessir!
Classic Blink 182. Check out some of my music if you wish
i hate it
Like the beat behind the "searching" vox
old school cool
:]]]]]
check me out
hello
This feels juvenile
WOAH, new Blink-182 this is dope! Nostalgic :D
Oh where did the Toim go?
AARGGHHGHGHGH!!!
check my new song out playboixo Ca$h
check my new song out playboixo Ca$h
check out my soundcloud songs
Loved the album not bad at all.
this is amazing!!!!
everyone check out my music that is on my soundcloud
:)
