Featured on the www.beatspeakmusic.com Rock chart!
..on repeat till i ruin it .
     ნია😘
new safe zone
A ghost can be holy?
Cant get enough so its now being played on repeat🤦🏻‍♀️🤣💖
:') 
pqp q música phoda!
Cool track, thanks
nice
wish i knew you
jvjb
inspiracion
love!
My favorite song of 2017
I KNEW YOU WHEN YOU I WAS YOUNG
LOVE THIS SONG-TAKES ME BACK MAKES ME WISH
@elijah-ahmadi: Your music is shit and you don't have a talent. Use this as your motivation to improve cause as I and everyone else in the world you are a kid with no talents... but what out does talent is work ethic so make it your fucking mission to prove me wrong. Don't become a defensive little bitch backing up shitty music. by the way Carl isn't helping anything except giving you a reason to not improve
@user-35989973: yeah i do that then let it play
@elijah-ahmadi: thats what i used to do but just for fun.
@user-806310665: u don't even know what a real song is
@user-35989973: u know i just use garage band all i do is get on garage band and go to ringtone then drag loops then boom! u have ur song
@user-35989973: no prob
@elijah-ahmadi: sorry but i dont have much experience in making music and stuff
@user-35989973: thanks man that means a lot. you are right 100 %  any tips on my next songs? anything will help
Playing this on repeat until I hate music
@aricwolf: no. don't go out promoting yourself. this is why soundcloud gets made fun of
@elijah-ahmadi: stick to one comment
@elijah-ahmadi: be patient. people want to be looking at what people have to say about this great song. not what these desperate idiots have to say.
@elijah-ahmadi: No
check out my songs!
cool
cool
awesome
This is just a really fun song to listen to lol
WHY U READING DIS
AVADA KEDAVERA
I AM RON WEASLEY
I AM THE GRINCH
amazing
awsome
rock
OMG SO GOOD
younbg
light
WISH I KNEW YOU WHEN I WAs YOUNG
one
oh yea
yessssssss
this is awsome
favorite song
damm @ajit singh
such a great band
love the groove!!
shine like a star
Excellent vibe!
amazing
wowzers
Perfect!
OHH I HOPE YOU DONT DIE!!
smooth 
Nice song. Not nice. GREAT!!
This is a great song
;)
perfect
nice song :3
yep this is good :3
Love the tune
can i get a Id number please
love, love, love!
loveee it 
okeechobee is about to be vibin!!!
Super! Like it!
:P
Love the Organ & Sax!  Is there any chance stems or acapella tracks are available?
this song, OMG this is the jam!
This song is so boss, don´t know who wouldn´t like this. If the revivalists are watching the comments at all, let me say one thing. This song is awesome!
hey people. This Song! Jumps right Out at us!  It's FM Radio friendly..as well as being crazy Original!!! Try Releasing it as a Single!!!
Bassline funky af
you know who you are
hey great track, great vocal great music, i like it.
Nice song! :)
can't believe this wasn't a #1 hit!!!
superb details . eXcellent Production!!!!! would so love to see y'all live! if you're ever playing on the West Coast of Canada PLease let Me Know k. Cheers always!!!!!!!!!
amAzing flow!
Wow...amAzing stuff peeps. So unique. Stay with it. Love yer Voice and Music! Play on people..play on!
this song. on repeat.
ooooo weeeee 
Nice
super cool!
Great track start-to-finish!
awesome song guy come visit me for more info
Mr. Groove- I missed you for a while ;)
Feel good music!
nice and funky, fresh, sounds great guys
Played it! wmfo.org Music You Might Otherwise Miss Tuesdays 10 AM to 1 PM (Eastern US)
love this groove! !!❤
Nice track!
Nice sound.
awesome tune! sharing it :))
nice!
